To not be overly aggressive 
I went on a two month trip abroad alone.  It was the best choice I could have possibly made and I look forward to doing it again. 
this isn't the place to ask this question
Can they see the links and pictures i view ? Or just that I’m on Reddit ? 
On a work system ?  They can see literally everything you do.
Besides 'everything', Insurance.  Insurance is the ultimate in 'what if'?
hair gel 
The squirrels are taking over the world. They have killed millions in Europe and they are heading your way.
Probably gonna have to go with Genghis Khan because there are a llllloooootttttt of cool facts about that guy.
Pumped up kicks
I asked for more and yelled telling them how good it felt. Made things awkward so they stopped. I'm into BDSM as a grown-up, so there's definitely side-effects from being bullied as a kid, but hey, whatever floats my boat. 
Look.  People will tell you to ignore them or tell teachers, maybe that will work now because there’s a huge anti bullying movement but when I was in school, it didn’t.  Punch them in their shit.
A comfy chair
That I don't have six feet of dirt on top of me
That I can look back on my life, and, despite the mistakes, be able to look at myself in the mirror and say with all my heart that I did the best I possibly could.
the serenity prayer
You reap what you sow 
An Amish prayer : My name is Doug Dimmadome owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome.
You know those green stirrers you use to cover up the vent hole on Starbucks cups? Those are called splash sticks.
Something sensible
jesus is one of the aliens, silly.  duh
Years since "The Library of Alexandria" of their world was created
I'm waiting for the mullet to come back in style.  
Talking over someone when they're not done talking yet is very impolite. I know that it's difficult sometimes to catch the cues that they're finished/not finished yet, though.  "Please" and "Thank yous" as well. Lots of people dont say those things anymore.
A girl in high school actually asked why the people in Australia don't fall off.
Old Gregg's
Guys who are so pitifully self-conscious about their fragile masculinity that they need to use terms like "mangina"
This One - https://i.imgur.com/Ez1f7Pm.jpg
Hopefully my wife
Hopefully children and grandchildren.
regret
Being a moderator, I guess.
r/smarter
I generally keep my mouth shut and my posts few.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyHvPoDa8TI
Making a signed quarter appear inside a Coke can.  You can buy the instruction video at any magic shop.
Other people’s misfortunes.
fat people who slip on banana peels
Serious answer...All relationships are to keep you from being alone. To pretend you're a fully autonomous vessel that only graces others with your presence is dangerous and delusional.  Humans are highly social creatures. Almost everything we do is with the thought of "will this make me more or less alone" in mind.
Probably the whole if you get pregnant from rape it's God's will type be.
I was told by a religious woman that I work with that "donald trump was hand picked by God to rule America and turn it into a Christian nation."
God exists
unreasonable sexual demands
Tiny dick
you're boring and i'm still planning my next move. once i've spotted your replacement i'll break up with you.
I was just working with an air compressor and picked my nose and blew the booger off the air compressor and then looked up to see my coworker staring at me...
Jacking off to myself in the mirror while wearing a dress and high heels while being covered in glamorous makeup and a wig.  I was also jumping on the bed while doing it so....  
To build a wall when the cats finally finish their plans for world domination.
What else they gonna do?  Piss, sniff ass, poop, hump, kick grass, run...pick up sticks and carry them around.  
because most service plans allow you to make interstate calls?   i don't know of any that don't...
Can easily think of several scenarios where a person might legitimately need to make a 911 call from out of state.
The biggest one in my opinion is Hozier. Take me to church is a good song but I can’t stand it anymore it’s so overplayed. Every other song on his album is solid gold though I can’t stress enough how good it is.
Mom. She always knew what to do when to do it. 
No one's.  Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and solve the damn problem.  Tears accomplish nothing.
death's
ya what the fuck
Do they feel pain? If so, what is getting their tires replaced like?
How do they build things when they don't have fingers?  Where do baby cars come from?  If there are baby cars, are they, like, Smart cars that grow up to become sedans?
Are you cheating on me?
Why do some lesbians suck on dildos? Who benefits?
How carbon dating works and how people know how old something is by looking at their bones. 
Ascension 
Der Riese
I never got sick of Kino 
I think it doesn't matter. 
John Cena.
Emma Watson.  Feminists likes to be fucked HARD like animals  She drained weinstein´s balls during years and she still does it to get movie roles. 
HUMAN BEINGS MAKE LIFE SO INTERESTING. DO YOU KNOW, THAT IN A UNIVERSE SO FULL OF WONDERS, THEY HAVE MANAGED TO INVENT BOREDOM. - Death
He just seems obnoxious to me. I dislike his career more than I dislike him himself. This recent issue is really not good, he really messed up. 
I don't really know what my opinion on him is. I think he's probably not a very smart guy, but I also don't know him personally, so I can't really say that.  The fact that he makes a living off of being an idiot on camera, however, is what pisses me off. Like, why didn't I think of that first.
Because he has a very punchable face, even before the recent controversy.
HVAC and Plumbing pay pretty well relative to the level of expertise required to do those jobs.
Me and the wife did it in the basement yesterday 
Avoiding news as much as possible. It's been a peaceful 2 days. Amazing how much I can think about what I gotta do with my life and not what some dick head is doing.
I didn't have to work yesterday.
Just how much physics is in /r/KerbalSpaceProgram. 
/r/PathOfExile because of the almost infinite skill customization.
Mario Party 7. The boards were all exciting and unpredictable (in a good way) at times. The mechanics of orbs were a significant improvement over the past 2 titles. Had quite possibly the best minigames in the entire series. My friends and I put hours into this game 12 years ago. Sadly, the series hasn't been any good since from what I know. The last great Mario Party.
Im not LGBT. But for alot of Slavic countries they arent
Aww... my kid's not even old enough for these situations to have arisen yet.  But I thought it was funny the one time he got in a fight over a toy in daycare they absolutely would not tell me who the other child was, because they've had problems with parents getting mad at each other over their 2-year-olds' scuffles.
20 seconds
15 seconds
From now until....... now! No... Now!  That's too long.
I wouldn’t not date them, Call me crazy but I don’t get the big deal around smoking. It doesn’t smell great but I don’t mind it.
Generally the point of dating is to find someone to marry. I would not marry someone who is actively decreasing their life span. I don't want to be alone when I'm 60.  It's an incredible hassle. My gf's dad smokes and they were restricted to plane rides that were only 3 hours long because her dad couldn't last longer without a cigarette. Going to Disney World? Plan your entire trip around the designated smoking areas. Going to dinner? Expect to be left alone half way through for a smoke break.  Also if you get far enough along that you move in, all of your stuff will eventually smell like cigarette smoke. If you break up, good luck getting rid of that smell.  Finally they're freakin expensive. I'd much rather date someone who is willing to put that sort of money into memories rather than disposable goods.
Why wouldnt you?
Struggling with money. It's a real drag to worry about how I'm going to balance my bills and emergencies.
Being awake
Socializing with others.
Imagine Captain Jack Sparrow gleefully murdering people in Sweeney Todd, instead of being all emo while he does it...
Neckbeards. Just makes me so uncomfortable.
House centipedes. 
Cheek pinching aunt
Depend on the person.  To some it feels great.  To others it is just kind of a chore.
Warm and wet.
Guud
Anything design-based, basically. Even if it's web design.
they say marketing 
Forensics 
“No, I promise....I really did love you. I just don’t anymore.”
"You're so nice! I would totally fuck you. If you weren't so fat."
"Hope you spend the rest of your life in a hospital"  Said by my friend's ex boyfriend a few weeks after I had a kidney transplant. 
Hardees hot ham and cheese
Double quarter pounder
Italian BMT from Subway. 
I killed my ex wife
I was a paratrooper for five years and obviously jumping outta a plane was part of it. When your in plane about to jump, on questionable weather days they measure the wind to see if safe. No wind not good, too much equals pain, and just a bit is what you want.   On this one jump they were hell-bent on getting us out the door. Luckily, I was in the second stick after the ‘test’ guys went out to measure the wind in real-time before we all leapt out. They send these guys out and the pilots begin to circle bird around for rest of us.   End up being told jump is cancelled due to wind. Turns out around half the guys in first test stick suffered major injuries, including a broken back and a few limbs. Nothing ever happens to jumpmasters (least from what I’ve seen), this includes battalion wide jumps that had 20% casualties.  Shit just blew my mind 
The biggest Mart would leave frozen food on the docks when being unloaded from the trucks, which often shut down their freezer units often to save diesel. Often work would be so backed up it would go over the time allowed to be stored on the docks* still dripping.They would put it back in the freezer anyways and ship it to your favorite local grocery.chicken,pork,diary it doesn't matter.
I like your feet
on reddit, i was told that the shape of my face was good.
not weird but i always get the unexpected 'you have dimples!' and i just...dont know what to say so i give them the awkward 'yeah..uh..thanks'
Weathertech mats
Boots
A bristleless barbecue brush.
My parents by conceiving me.
A girl named Brittney 
Life 
this one = https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Theft_Auto_(video_game)  always had trouble playing that game knowing you see straight down instead of being on street level . 
i only played gta and san andreas, and i can tell you that san andreas is insane, they be sending jet fighters behind you and shooting missiles at you  might as well have space saucers appear and start shooting lasers at you
Gta 4 because you had to actually shoot them in the head to surley kill them. That's one of the reasons i prefer it over 5, it's more realistic.
Gal Gadot
Gal Gadot by a hair
Samuel L Jackson 
Driving at 55 instead of 65 saves you a shit load of fuel 
By 'sex scene' I mean people who get laid often and with different people.
its much easier now that women are empowered. they don't have to wait to get scooped up. they can do the scoopin too  i got lucky and was 18-21 during the beginning of the smart phone era so many people were still going to bars/clubs to dance and meet people face-to-face. this was only 7-8 years ago.  i dont know how i feel about seeing all the work i used to have to do simplified into sending the correct memes to get laid.  also, dissemination of information is way easier than it's ever been so it's almost a faux pas these days if you go into a sexual situation without knowing what to do.  
Coming home early to my wife 69’ing the neighbor 
Playing Pokemon Gen I and getting Gen I miss 2 times in a row.
Every time my parents beat me
Strawberry seedless jam. Yummy!
Space Jam! Best Jam...
[This is My Jam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imndXBPoFKw)
Seeing a sign saying "Humped Pelican Crossing."
they drive on the left, but stand on the right :C a lot of countries that adopt the british system stand on the left of escalators etc. wtf guys? don't contradict yourself
When it snows in London, everyone freaks out and overloads the Underground. So, obviously instead of having a contingency plan to accommodate the larger crowds, they just close all the stations instead. 
Masturbate nightly. 
I come on reddit to see how stupid some people are.
I drink liquor regularly.
My wife 
Overthink every single thing.
Have a complicated life.   It seems to me like everyone thinks their own problems are greater than everyone else's.
A bomb 
Ribs
A boxing glove on a spring.
I was serving a couple and the woman slams down some condoms on the counter and says to me “we won’t be needing these because they are too big for HIM” and then turns to the guy and says “if you’re going to embarrass me, I’ll embarrass you” I had to try so hard not to burst out laughing and the guy looked like he was going to burst into tears. 
not working with the public but i knew a girl who was hella rich and bought herself a car (btw we're international students) and one day i met her in a mall parking lot. She was pushing down on the bonnet -using her body weight- of the car saying 'idk why i cant close this. i think i have to send it for repair' i just walked away..  jk, i closed it for her. 
I had a doctor tell me I need $400 orthopaedics and if I couldn’t afford it to sell my cell phone.
Because of the time, I had to go to the emergency room...not because it was an actual emergency.  I had a double ear infection. The pressure was so great in one ear, it caused a level of pain I was surprised an ear infection could cause. After being taken back, the doctor lectured me for 10 minutes on how I need to quite smoking (sound actually caused me physical pain), and never addressed my problem. The nurse spoke up and he said he would prescribe drops that probably wouldn't work because I was a smoker. My ears were so clogged, I asked how I was supposed to get the ear drop in deep enough to be effective. He sad nothing. The nurse asked him again for me. He just stared at the nurse for what felt like an eternity (probably 30 seconds), and turned around and walked out. She looked even more uncomfortable than I did.  I know it's kind of anti-climatic, but that is how it ended.
he stabbed me with a needle and took my blood
r/AskReddit
/r/Miata
r/tolkienfans
troubled and exaggerated 
Not a fan. It was too poorly written and acted for me to finish the first 3 episodes.   Seems to capitalize on MH stigmas surrounding Vets. 
They love the shit out of the skull.
Karl Marx and Adam Smith.
Probably my mom.
He's not real 
Look in the hole squeeze through gap 
A group of us sit around a table and stare at some cardboard. Sometimes one of us moves some of the cardboard, but most of the time we're just thinking about moving the cardboard. It's great
Football with rocket powered cars that can fly. A better explanation of this game however is:  What a Save!  What a Save!  What a Save!   Chat disabled for 4 seconds!
Put his poopy diaper on his head
that is easy at times i see kids that are really small hide behind a bush or something like that and when a car comes to like a stop sign they jump out to the point they scare the Beejesus out of those people where probably those people probably have crapped on themselves.
the time
Anyone outside the UK saying "daft cunt" just sounds wrong.
4k 144Hz displays. I think they might already exist but I am not sure. Also computing power has risen exponentially in the last 10 years which is pretty extraordinary and I can't imagine what we'll see next.
 Pc desktop automation.  Cross application scripting with python.
Condom
Condoms! 
When i have 10$ in my pocket i usually go to the book store to pick up some book in mass production paperback (these are usually 10$) and read it before the day ends, doing this i've read 50 books this year on days where i've been like "i got 10$ left, but i dont plan on going anywhere tonight so might as-well have some time with my magination". Currently reading Dune, highly recommended. 
mario 64
Halo 3
Super Mario World is always entertaining.
Had sex at my university's library.  SO wanted to do it since it was super dangerous and sexy.  We rented a study room for 1 hour, went in and started going at it on the floor.  It was finals week so kids were right outside at table's studying away.  Didn't care, tossed the condom in the trash on the way out even.
I did the sex once.
Trusted a girl when she said she had an IUD.
Marijuana, 18 years old when I first visited old friends in Oregon. I smoked out of interest and I guess peer pressure, continue for the epilepsy.  I have done a few other drugs over the last 6 years but that is what happens when you are raised to think weed will summon the devil. You realize it doesn't and get curious about all the other lies you were told.
I wouldn't call myself a drug addict but I've certainly struggled with substance abuse...  First time I used any drug was the first time I had a sip of beer. Alcohol is a drug. I consumed it, I enjoyed it. Friends started smoking weed, I got offered... so I smoked it. I enjoyed it. I didn't get into a lot of things in high school because I took my athletic pursuits really seriously. But when my career ended in college due to injury, I went off a cliff in terms of what substances I was using and how often.  After the first couple of enjoyable experiences, I was kinda down to try whatever was put in front of me. Fortunately, the one thing that I never enjoyed were prescription painkillers... know way, way too many people who have really fucked their lives up because they went down that slippery slope.  Edit: Misspelled "slippery" fml
I started doing coke in high school, just to fit it with the cool kids. I had a real big problem with it and almost overdosed. That’s what made me stop just recently. I wanted to look over the edge and find what I was looking for. It’s a scary feeling. But when you get to that point. Then you will stop. I hope you understand my grammar and point of view. 
Love yourself first 
Credit can get very out of hand very fast, so pay your bill off in full every time and don't spend more money than you can afford.
You care more about others than they care about you
I saw my neighbor in her garden and was hoping she would plunge herself with one of them long English cucumbers 
2 minutes ago i imagined being raped by sexy shemale TSA agents in front of everyone.
Losing my virginity.
I was there a few years ago. It is a really cool place. The parking is terrible though.   It was the first time I was ever in a building that had elevators that went to completely different groups of floors. It was really cool since I live in the middle of nowhere in Iowa.   The rooms were good and so was the view (if you get a high enough room). You are also within walking distance to a lot of neat places. Again, the parking was *awful* 
Its probably the oldest cheapest hotel on strip. Its got like a family fun center tho
To do something that changes a person's day for the better.
To be what someone needs you to be when they need you to be it.
effect change in a positive and significant way, either inspire people to get meaningful jobs or do one of those meaningful jobs for the betterment of others and/or the world
Snap Judgment.  A bunch of interesting true stories that reflect on a theme 
Hello from the magic tavern.
Your Moms House w/ Tom Segura and his wife whose last name I can't spell.
what in the heck are you asking. 
Honestly, inbred is probably the best term to use..
Banjo-American
Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. Maybe the Ninth.    
[The only true answer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Queen Bohemian Rhapsody
Coke and it's bottlers restore the water they used.  https://www.greenbiz.com/article/coca-cola-and-bottlers-achieve-replenishment-all-water-they-use  
A few health insurance programs have started offering healthy living discounts.  Some examples are sending their enrollees to dietitian classes on food or offering discounts for people who regularly attend gyms.  They take into account the fact you are living a healthier lifestyle and making good choices and lower your premiums as a result. 
FMLA
A stranger commented on my penis at a urinal. Haven't used one since. You never know who is getting cheap thrills watching you piss.
Grammar. I mean at the very least, as an adult, you should know the difference between your/you're and there/their/they're.
Mom jokes 
The way social media and texting has changed the way so many people write things. Every god damn word and saying is abbreviated it seems. I cn nt stnd it. 
Those parties with all the jumping, hot models, and more jumping.
The family running outside on Christmas day to a brand new car outside while it's snowing even though there's no snow on the fucking car
Character looking up at the sky with his/her hands spread out screaming, "Noooooo!!!!!!!"
This is like asking a baseball fan why he/she doesn't like basketball. It just doesn't interest them 
I'm not a big sports fan -- but I just like watching "real" things. Love watching F1, can barely sit through watching someone else play a short race in Forza. 
I don't find anything impressive about being good at video games.
Why the fuck did you tell me?
Applaud the honesty but time to nope out of the relationship.
Why would you tell me this?
The art of balancing chores. 
I traveled to Europe and stayed in hostels with 3-8 strangers at a time. I'm a woman and the difference between staying with women versus men is negligible to me. If roommates are messy, they're messy. If they're neat, they're neat. I can't think of any unspoken rules or boundaries. However, the shower/bathroom times tend to be longer for women, and you'll almost certainly find hair on the walls in the shower.
I [M] am going to be going on vacation in about a year and a half with a whole bunch of my friends. Currently, we are planning on having myself, two twin sisters, a mutual female friend of ours, and one of the twin's boyfriends. We all know each other very well and have been friends for a long time, but we have never lived together before. As of right now, only myself and the twins are 100% locked in on going.  We will be traveling through Europe together, probably doing different Airbnb type things in different countries.  What should I know before going off with them? I have never lived with any women other than my mother growing up, so I am totally unaware of all the unspoken rules and boundaries that need to be in place in order for this to work.
Big Dick Caleb  The man had been lifting since he was 12, was on steroids, had arms bigger than my thighs, was 6 foot 6, had a body count of over 60, smoked a pack a day, drank entire thirty racks by himself, owned a landscaping business with over 30k in assets while going to school, and regularly had sex with hookers (many of whom stole cash from him).  He's gonna die when he's 30 but holy shit
met a 17 year old girl who looked like she was in her mid 20's. Dodged a bullet.
if you are alone anything is ok if you are next to someone, not cool man.
As long as you're 100% sure it's just a fart, knock yourself out
It's OK.   
almost 20 years old and $0 net worth 😶
43   -$112k   I burn my money in a little pot in the backyard and pray for good fortune.   or at least thats how it feels sometimes.  
You want my ssn, blood type and address?
"I just tell it like it is and I don't care what anyone thinks" - being an inconsiderate dick is not a positive character trait.
How to use a computer. At this point not being able to perform basic functions is practically the same thing as illiteracy but I see so many people who think it's funny that they can barely open Internet Explorer and click on a link.
Revenge.   It's not about justice, it's not about equality, it's not about the victims, it's about people watching someone be the recipient of revenge. Revenge gives us a moral justification to do horrible shit to others and people love the fuck out of it.   Admittedly, I can appreciate and even condone acts of revenge, but by large, revenge is something you see people get all sorts of smug and self righteous about despite not being a victim to the original event or the fallout from the actions taken during revenge. /r/justiceserved is a fairly good example of this. Has nothing to do with the victims, with justice or anything like that. It's a subreddit devoted to one thing: schadenfreude
My best teacher in middle school was actually a family member of mine! He was fun yet a disciplined teacher and one of the best teachers the school ever had. All of his students loved him, sadly we lost him yesterday and our family and community lost one amazing teacher and person. He was the best we’re all missing him. 
Personally, I had a music teacher in high school who was the best teacher I've ever had. He wasn't even terribly good at music - he missed a lot of notes when trying to accompany the choir on piano, and he didn't have the greatest musical intuitions, but God damn he absolutely loved what he did. (Not to seem high and mighty on the music - I was one of those kids that started taking lessons at 5 and could at least know when teachers didn't know what they were doing.)   That school had switched music teachers every year for the past 5, but this guy was the one who made the program good. Despite not having as much education or even talent as some of the other teachers, he got our music groups to sound the best they had in years. His energy and passion just rubbed off on everyone. I still talk to him. 
If I had to narrow down exclusively to THE best, it would have to be my 4th grade teacher.  She was the perfect mix of disciplinarian while also not being afraid to show her personality, and even though we were like 10-year-old kids, she really challenged all of us to put in our best effort every step of the way.  I learned how to *really* write that year... I was consistently praised for my writing abilities throughout high school and college, and I credit her with teaching me that. Also credit her for inspiring me to make reading and writing a part of my regular routine throughout life.
Futurama! There's no why; you know what Futurama is!
*The Office* never fails.
Black Books - never fails to make me laugh
Every other person seemed to be smoking or vaping in Vegas. Whether you are inside or outside, I couldn't escape the smell. 
Hollywood Walk of Fame is extremely underwhelming 
People have their preferences I guess 
Why do dating websites depending on religion exist? Why do dating websites depending on occupation exist?  People have preferences, man... it's not a big deal.
A lot of people are primarily sexually attracted to people of the same race. Or they want their kids to look like them.
Marijuana being a Class 1 drug with Heroine.
In my country we have a law which forbids sex with animals. Unfortunately it's very ambiguous and humans are animals too. Hence, we may technically not have sex.
Japanese censorship laws.   Breasts, anuses and sperm can be shown in Japanese porn, but genitals must be pixelated. 
I'm currently staying in a place that's way out of my league (thanks r.churning), and I'm curious about everything.  I think I already messed up by overtipping the bellhop and not tipping the concierge.
The girl i had a crush on, being left alone in the rain while i accidentally took two umbrellas by accident to class that day. 
Pretty much anything someone may do that is frowned upon by others.  
I feel like these are antonyms of each other - ethics and morals are directly linked.   I feel ethics are like society's morals - what the collective we has determined what is right, and wrong.   Morals are individual beliefs as to what is right and wrong.   Due to this, if you have unethical morals, everything can be unethical. It's totally subjective. 
Asians would still be made fun of for penis size  Source:  am asian
When I empty my piggybank I lay out each type of coin from oldest to most recently minted. Before spending them.  This is in case I’ve missed a diamond in a rough in the form of a rare or collectible coin.  I know now “I’m stranger than I thought.”
When i was in highschool i would use baby oil and with one hand would "finger" my armpit pretending it was a chick and masturbate with my other hand.
24 hours in a psych ward and you find yourself making friends and saying shit like "This guy really gets me"
I have no idea what you mean, but think you should contact a doctor.
Early.
I went to McDonalds for lunch last week for the first time in probably 10 years.  I heard at some point they were doing all-day breakfast, but I didn't think that it was a real thing...  They do! They *really* do!
The new NHL game allows you to queue with friends and just play regular online versus with each other,like you would if you were together in real life, online.  Seems simple but was not a thing until this year. 
depends on what moderate/centrist means to you
Try politics or whatever.
I don't think Reddit is the place where you'll find that type of discussion. Here everything has to be polarized for maximum upvotes.
lots of things
Dying. 
That carton of Chocolate Milk you left in your lunchbag and lost at the beginning of the year.   In 4th grade, I tasted what 6 month old chocolate cheese and whey tasted like. 
I’d imagine the same as a heterosexual having ‘gay sex.’ The mechanics work alright but you may struggle to get the wind in your sail, your oven heated up to full temperature or the spark to be lit.  
I have a very gay friend who described his experimental experience with a vagina as a "looser, wetter ass that didn't really satisfy."
She was great, she fingered my asshole, gave me a rimjob, enjoyed it, it's really up to the girl, what she's willing to do. You can also fuck her pretty hard after she gets you going like that. 
a change of socks if they dont have many
A good supply of socks.  Guilty pleasure snacks.  A Nintendo 3ds or Laptop, something that has wifi or installed games.
A pizza. Hospital food isn’t the greatest
'[Put that coffee down....](https://youtu.be/r6Lf8GtMe4M)'  in Glengary Glen Ross
People find it easy to vent their real life frustrations when there is no come back on them, like through a keyboard to a screen.
Because fuck you that's why.
socially awkward angry people hiding behind anonymity to vent their frustration which is likely bought on by themselves 
A $5 cravings deal, some of those cinnamon ball things, and a mufuckin' cheese roll up
Heart disease
9.72 worth of sauce
Slap urself 
Replace them with a new habit with similar body motions. For example, for a smoker, it is common to replace a cigarette with food.
I literally feel this "Energy" almost in my fingers when I want to bite them that I can channel into the core of my stomach. I know this sounds weird as all hell but visualizing this helps so much. Like dragging the need away.
When filling out forms, online or on paper.
10 years later when you realize you’ve lived through another decade 
When I have to scroll down further for my birth year
Hollywood and the illuminati
Bob Lazar (area 51 informant). Both sides of that one are odd. 
Hollywood and the illuminati
Sharing hoax and forward mail
That stupid people should be told exactly how stupid they are, and informed that they should stay quiet. This should be done at a young age, so communists can't recruit them to destroy western society. 
We have a 'everyone for themselves' mentality. Someone dropped their stuff? No one will help pick it up. Old lady can't lift her groceries to the car? No one will help carry it. Couple lodged under the wheels of a bus? Phones out and start recording. No one to help.  ^^That ^^last ^^one ^^is ^^a ^^true ^^story ^^just ^^after ^^christmas
My mother supports everything I choose to do, actually invests interest in *my* interests and tries her hardest to keep me focused when I become side-tracked. She doesn't suffocate me or pressure me to do anything I don't have a passion for. And if I feel like giving up on something I really want, she makes sure that I don't.
They disciplined me when I was younger. If they didn't, I would still be a huge brat.
The crystal palace of Versailles 
pussy. the more the better.
How black their hearts are
 3840 pixels × 2160 lines
Eat more cheese. Drink more wine.
I started my resolution in september so my new year's resolution is to stay on pace. 
Nice try, Elon Musk. 
Electrogravitics
That em drive thing.
I've never really thought "man I don't want to see these people" as much as I just never had the thought "man I *do* want to see these people.
Right after graduation.  I was sick of everyone in highschool by the time I graduated. XD They were all so eager to jump into debt.  
I'm still close friends with a core group from high school.  The rest, well, pretty much the instant I grabbed the diploma.  It's a big world and high school is a very small part of your life.
Fuck up. Zero privacy.
Interesting question. I think your privacy here is the biggest concern. I remember not being able to hide and cry in my room because my siblings could barge in. But I did get to spend a lot of alone time in my shared room somehow. I would get hours to read novels alone or watch movies. I always was the one to spend most time in that room and I think that helped.  I was actually grateful to have somebody else in the room at night because as a kid I was terrified to sleep alone. I don't think it stuck because now I sleep alone, in the dark.   I really believe that it depends on your overall family situation. It could be my bias I acknowledge that but I think it didn't impact me negatively in any way. My independence is pretty intact, I feel secure.  I am interested in why you are asking this question though. 
I had to learn how to share. All in all a positive experience.  I also spent the first two years of my adult life living on a boat or in barracks with a bunch of other guys. Never really had a problem except when other people were loud at night.
The level I’m currently at, which is ABOVE playing the game.
Those aliens from *Signs*.
The Wicked Witch of the West
Francium. Or with the Francium destroy the water?
Books. I dont necessarily read all of them, though...
Coins. There's just so many different types that it's hard to resist collecting them..
Not a dedicated serious collector, but my husband and I collect magnets from the different places we visit. Kind of a fun kitschy thing
Food shopping!
Tennis
When I’m clearing people’s empty plates and they say, “We hated it!”
When I install signs ppl like to remind me to spell it correctly. Fucking hilarious... 
Variety pack from Costco. Bring that to the office and they are gone in an hour. Show me a dragon who couldn't resist a poison laced Costco muffin.
Weapon* dammit. 
Thermonuclear muffin
A question 
Looks like some sweet ass meth 
a game
When i implemented BDSM into real relationships and didn't just watch it on PornHub. 
Idk if I am not (i.e, not diagnosed) however I first thought maybe I have less empathy and psychopathic type tendencies when I was around 14/15. I new something was odd before then but just assumed I was different and I always kinda liked that. 
when phychos began to walk me
Waking up earlier before work.
Don't use reddit for the year. 
Get over the girl that didn't kiss me on new years. :,,,,,,,,)
In my belly op
In my face. 
my cheeks 
They can arrest anyone if they are breaking the law, minor child or not, but no, they don't "just take" minority children to jail for the heck of it. That is just pro-palestinian clickbait.
Spent 2 weeks there.   Never saw it happen.
I've never been there, but it doesn't really matter as far as verifying this goes. They passed a law in 2016 allowing imprisonment for anyone over the age of 12 in some terrorism related cases, yes. There's no doubt about this at all, and it was debated pretty extensively in the Israeli papers. 
I worked with two assholes. One was R who I liked, but he's a dick.        The other was A, who can die in a house fire alone and in the knowledge it will consume her.           Anyway, it was fast food and a local branch of an international chain. Her dad was the CEO.             How the fuck do you deal with this?           She came in as a manager.          Where I worked you aren't trained on an area. You work the lot. You cover the whole store. A manager was the glue. They fell into a position that fell behind. Gave support when difficulty arose and handled any complaints promptly.        This allowed 3 people to run a 6 man store. With great difficulty.      Anyway me and R were two of the only employees fully trained on all areas. I spoke english so I took service and he took rear. But we'd trade from now and then.           R didn't like me out of competition. I liked him cause he worked hard, unlike the people who liked me.         I had to train more senior staff. This place was hell.         The managers here, specifically in our store, spared people like me and R from working triple shifts to cover untrained staff. They were a god send.          A sat in the office on her phone. And only came out when the nose got too loud from the crowds forming for her to chill. She said managers shouldn't need to be on flow. She'd never had a job before. Straight up to store manager.          This went on for a month. Every day. Me, her and R.           One day R cut himself, worked 5 stations at once and burned himself. He was in a sweat as he clocked out. A walks out of her office. "R, you really need to step it up. I had to spend an hour on cooker today."             R turned red and looked at her. R is 6'3 and she is like 5'2. She looked genuinely worried. He deepened his voice and told her, "It is your job. Tough shit. You ever speak to me again. I put you in the fryer."                So yeah. I can't point to a bad day or event. She just did nothing every day, selected the best staff, and would be little us, mock us and try get us fired for not working hard enough on the daily.        I once took counterfeit currency on purpose. When she came out telling me she'd be on the hook for that and I'd have to pay her for it I laughed in her face. I opened my till and showed her I'd no means of testing currency and no training in checking it. My CV claimed this was my first time handling currency professionally. So no it was on her.             She screamed at me and threw something a few hours later. I asked her to please remain professional.          I hate her. So annoying.          
I work doing the clean up at music festivals I like it. it's not world travell but I get about the country and have the winters off for my own projects if you can spell your own name and remain outwardly more or less sober looking you can get work at festivals 
Poking a hole in my condoms without telling me
I forgive ALL, my children
Stealing my slice 
You wait for a tourist to ask directions then you point him to an alley. When he goes in you get your homies to mug the dude.
Asking you to change a bill.  Then being like ‘well, how about I give you this and then you give me that...now take this, then give me that.  Well, actually can I have that, now here this.  Then..thanks!’  And you walk away with a lot less than you started with
Three-card Monte  Shell game
Where in history would you like to start?  
Vladimir Lenin. He's like an anime protagonist.
The Irish! They been slaves and don't ask fo no reparations! A better job then digging ditches! Word!
My 4 year old nephew, right after I had my baby:  Him: Aunt Katie, is the baby still in your tummy?  Me: No sweetie, he’s not.   Him: Then why’s it still so big?  (I laughed SO hard!)
My nephew was about 5 at the time. Every thanksgiving we go around the table saying what we are thankful for. He said “I’m grateful for my tenders.” None of us knew what on earth he was talking about. So when he was asked he looked down at his crotch region and said “you know, those things.”
Curse words. Little pitchers have big ears!
Thats a generalization. I am a man who has only had sex with women that I was dating or dated thereafter.    I also know plenty of women who have used men for sex so...
The same reason women use men for sex, I'd imagine. 
Because most people are straight and that's how the parts fit. Gay people use their own sex, trans people do whatever they need to.
Fidget spinners. Great to have something in my hands while helping customers via the phone. 
A chainsaw landscaping without one is soooooo slow 
Flesh light 
He completely stabbed me, and all our mutual friends, in the back for a girl. (This was in school, so girl fits) Most of us never talked to him again, but I did find out that she totally rejected him, so that felt good.
Punched me in the stomach out of the blue, and called me an outcast. This was in middle school and really messed with me.
Top ten goobers
Procrastinators. 
Of course. And because people are imperfect
I imagine its even normal for some short term couples ! Its human nature to fuck up its whether you want to try and get through it or not ( and how badly you fucked up will often play a major part in it all) 
Of course
Home Alone
Scream. Just call the cops on your cellphone.
Maximum Overdrive 
Both of them are pretty big countries to me.
USA>Russia
Russia is not even close to the US in a great many ways anymore. 
No, it's just fucking food.
If anyone considers that cultural appropriation, they’re fucking retarded and shouldn’t breed. 
Absolutely. When I was in Japan, I was eating Japanese food all the time. In restaurants, people would point at me in shock and disgust and whisper to themselves about how I was besmirching their culture, while I would laugh inside at my villainous, heinous act of cruelty. Mwhahaha!
It's just easier to break up with someone after you've gotten you Christmas presents. I had two divorces, both started in January when I discovered it was over.
Song opera?
why dont u exist
my will to live
PAW PATROL merchandise fuck
Respect for other people.
There is a LOT more science behind winter weather due to the temperatures, convection, and moisture etc....snow is more than just frozen rain. The snow is determined by the air pressure, the humidity, the temperature etc…also there is ‘lake effect snow’ (usually around the ‘great lakes’ area in the US) where the mist blowing off the waves on the lakes will turn to snow inland…(it often snows more than a foot per day in the region on a cloudless day!)…predicted weather patterns can shift dramatically when reaching a mountain or the great lakes region based on the topography causing other things to happen.
Upvoting
I like complimenting strangers.
by not murdering him 
Jewish wagoners?
Jeep Wranglers
jay walkers?
Stop spending money on stupid shit that you don't need,
to fail your new years resolution
fly me to the moon and let me play among the stars
Third nipple 
Cliche tribal lesbian shoulder blade tattoo 
Multiple hair colors and a face piercings. I'm fine with it but sometimes I wish she was more natural looking. 
I don't see why not. We have robots that do everything else, why not have ones that help some of the lonlier population.
Women have been fucking robots for decades, they're called dildos.
Yes, they should exist because that will be the way to get rid of incels. 
The sounds of the planets. https://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/7etgmd/sounds_of_the_planets/?utm_source=reddit-android
how to finger someone's asshole properly 
Always remember the question mark.
I was a war lord in Somalia who sent children into battle
Ignore texts/attempted contact.
When i drive like an asshole, i hate myself when i do it but usually it's because i'm too exhausted not to and it's not like i can afford an uber home 
The entire body of scientific literature, from the Enlightenment to today. Shows that science is an evolving process and not some static belief. 
The speed of light, and a few formulas explaining the laws of physics. Along with the basic principles of science. Something like, "Experiment. Discard ideas that fail, build on ideas that work. Experiment again, experiment in different ways. Cross-reference what you have learned with what you think you know."
Wikipedia.
Whats the weirdest question ive ever been asked
Are you a SCPs?  I'm not, obiviously.
"would you be interested in taking my virginity?" 
Waited until the movie was almost over to start snuggling.
First date. Ordered Hawaiian pizza (the second most cringiest thing that happened).          First bite and a piece of pineapple as hot as the sun welded itself to the roof of my mouth. I flipped it out with my finger and it landed on my date's plate.
Left a tip while she didn't, looked like an ass. 
a dude posted a gif of inserting flowers into his anus while upside down and watering them claiming his anus is the ultimate dirt alternative. 
Because the more attention we give it we reveal how hopeless our situation is. If you had AIDS and there was no cure you'd probably rather pretend that you didn't have AIDS.
Because it doesn't make money.
Because they know that in order to make any effort to mitigate the effects of climate change that they have to inconvenience their lives and that is too much of a price for most people on the planet.
"Historic"  I'll bet this will be forgotten in a week. 
Jack up the price for a certain medicine.
Change my name to /u/Secretly_A_Skeleton.
She wasn't out of my league when we started. Now she loves me and she's screwed.
I’m dating a doctor (I build decks & landscape homes)…, she is VERY attractive...our kids go to the same school and we volunteer for the same events so that’s how we met. She is quiet, very reserved where I am gregarious, great personality where everyone enjoys being around me…I would ask her to drive to events with me (so I could get to know her) then we started going on small dates (ie, coffee shop) then dinners etc….7 years later we are still dating….so “out of your league” is nonsense…that just means the other person is very superficial. We all like a certain type of person and it depends what you bring to the relationship. My SO is very independent so does not need my money nor my help with anything. What she wants is companionship, a person with integrity & character that treats her nice.
I dated some one so far in a different league it wasn't funny.    But that's okay because it was several leagues behind me.     I prefer to be the eye candy in the relationship.
Why would I be mad about a game I don't care about?
I live in Atlanta, I suspect I will be very annoyed next Monday 
I recall the days when the bowl system was considered stupid and everyone wanted a championship. Now we have a championship and people are still bitching.
Paper airplane. Can be used to send notes over long distances.
You can make fly traps in about 30 seconds. 
Hot knife.  A knife that has been heated up.  Useful for cutting things.
Dr. Seuss’ wife killed herself because he cheated on her when she had cancer
The loneliest whale will always be the worst thing ever.   There's a whale in the ocean that was born with a malformation of its vocal cords. See, whales can only hear within a specific frequency and their calls mirrors this frequency. This whale has a call that is too out of place on the spectrum which means no one else can hear him.  He is literally the loneliest whale in the world.
The Mars Rover celebrates its own birthday. It does this by singing 'Happy Birthday' to itself.
Sex
DnD
theonion
reddit
Fatbook 
Nail biting. I don't think it'll ever completely go away..
Picking my nose. Some things toilet paper just can't get.
Sleeping on the farthest edge of the bed closest to the door. Doesn't matter how big the bed is, I just can't sleep away from the edge.
knee high socks 
A sexy butthole.
Breakfast food and a good discussion about fiscal policy and fishing. 
What runs but can't walk or juggle 
Tom Marvelo
There was a train wreck and every single person died. Two people survived. How?       What has cities without concrete, rivers without running water yet trees made of wood?
There's a whole subreddit for that - /r/tumblrInAction.
Gave me a skillset that would be very hard to learn as an adult. A second language. 
they always came through for me. and if i had to go through something bad, even if they were as clueless as me, they'd still go through it by my side. can nvr thank them enough for just being there for me.
They didn’t force me into following their religion
I build rockets.
I just lick salt off of a rock face
I like to come up with stories for critters I see in the world. Maybe that Caterpillar has traveled on ships and crawled all around the world. Maybe hes never seen outside of the little chunk of land where I find him. I guess Its not really a "hobby" but I always find it interesting.
My birth 
The time I scored a girl on my 10-15th(ish?) beer. No one believe it.
The entire summer camp I went to when I had a crush on that girl and yet never befriended her. Need to examine how many chances I had to do so.
I thought I would need to learn how to drive but when I moved back to Japan I usually only walked 5 miles from my apartment at most 
My favorite color and who was my BEST friend.
I thought you had to have math skills in order to learn programming.... so wrong. 
Use only your tongue.  Lick very gently like butterfly kisses but with your tongue.  Do not suck, for the love of God do not suck.
Like groceries 
This is fucking gross. Dont eat ass.
I know a lot of fiscal conservatives.  Basically, they believe our government shouldn't be spending more than they take in.  And they believe the government is inefficient with the money they do have.
i conserve my own money and my own decsions. I certainly dont want to give up my hard earned income to the government to let them decide what is good for me.
As a former conservative (now libertarian) the idea was to always want for a time when people made money, didn't go to war, things weren't illegal. (pre-drug war and militarization of police force)  But without all the bad shit like slavery and no womens voting.  You're allowed to romanticize the good things of the past, this being the future we're talking about we can keep all the good stuff and throw out the bad. Nothing wrong with wanting a bit more freedom with a bit less intervention.  Being conservative really refers to conserving our rights. Speech, bearing arms, voting, peacefully protesting, and not getting shot at routine traffic stops by corrupt police.  Now, as a libertarian, I've taken that to a bit of an extreme and I'm ok with that. Personal freedom is my main view. 
Crack  Hand sanitizer   Smog
Food, water, and sex
Relationships, beauty (scenery, people, or emotions), and Passion (doing things that I love doing).
>Consistency  Ha!
Developing a rhythm, and having a good support network.
Quality > quantity  I make scifi manga.
A pod of dolphins at night looks a lot like sharks.
Because Democrats and Republicans both suck ass. One significantly more than the other, but I think they're both out of touch, corrupt, and don't properly represent the American people. 
Because I legitimately wanted Stephen Colbert to win, even though he'd conceded long before the general election.
Many states allow a party to put a candidate on their ballot with lower restrictions assuming their party got x% of the vote last year.   Gary Johnson had a respectable 3rd party run and helping get another party on the ballot is only a good thing. Additionally the elevated status is also letting him fund a legal case against the commission who hosts the presidential debates to allow anybody who is on enough ballots to win, to be included in the debates. Again because having more options is also good.
Completely sober. 
All of it. All the drunk.
I gotta say I drank a LOT of hand sanitizer 
Find the game that ghosted you. 
I would just go complain that's about all you can do.. And just because it was sealed does not mean they did not reseal it. I learned this lesson along time ago I bought me and bro my diablo 2 and we get home and no CD in the box. So we drive up to Walmart and tell them are sad story and they let us get 2 more copy's only if we opened them in the store.
Just return it saying the case was empty. if you paid cash and they refused to help SOL, if you paid by card and they refused refute payment through your bank and notify you did not receive what was purchased. (I shat on target and walmart that way, they tried to counter my refute and still lost.)
r/breathplay 
I sort everything by new. 
r/traps 
Constantly, never cared at all.  My job was to sell food to people.    I have an explanation for when people bitch about the concession prices, but if they wanna bring their own stuff, I couldn't care less. 
I live in a middle to upperclass city, I go to wholefoods buy candy and a bottle of cider and go into the theaters with the bag from wholefoods. I look over at the guy who brought gourmet popcorn and asked to trade candy for some popcorn.
I dont think they are paid enough to care.
Broke up with a girl i dated for two years. Got over it by switching to men.
Battlefield 1 
Call of Duty: WW2 on PS4 ... was actually playing that at midnight on New Years Eve.    I live an exhilarating life.
Pubg, insurgency, rocket league and enter the gungeon in that order. It was a nice New Year’s Eve 
All of that narcissistic social media photo bullshit will come back to bite those people. No one will have any respect for them in their old age once their looks fade. It’s a sad shallow existence that is more temporary than people think. 
"Turns out bitcoin was a terrible investment"
Cigarettes are a little more than gross for you 
I like to think I'm constantly improving my villainess
I was a mean baby.
elementary 
designer clothing, I live in the highest concentration of japanese/koreans of middle to upperclass standing.
Wranglers, cowboy boots, t shirts or snap up shirt. Usually a ball cap or cowboy hat. 
I'm Asian and I find it stupid. (*Viewpoint of a engineer in the private sector who works at an all asian company and has a sibling who also works at a all asian company*)   You get fined by it.... been paying the fines for 10 years.
its stupid!...decisions need to be based on merrit not the color of your skin.
At one point I was sort of neutral about it, I thought there may be an argument that it could help jump-start socioeconomic equality between races, and once that is achieved we can get rid of it as we don't need it anymore. But there's also the argument that benefits based on skin color are unethical.  But now with recent social movements, its clear to me that affirmative action causes more problems than it solves. I think it is a factor that is fueling white nationalism and related thought, because they feel discriminated against or can convince people that they are being discriminated against. It increases the tension that creates this sort of division in countries, and as long as we have this tension we cannot have an equal society.
Make a plan.  If daddy aint gonna be around, find something that can support you and your child.  I'd highly recommend military service; your child will understand why mommy was gone so much when they get older.
Fetus deletus 
In my experience, granted it was a decade ago, planned parenthood was incredibly helpful. I was scared and they went over all my options with me and never made me feel judged. 
Because you're thousands of feet in the air and missin the view
I am the opposite of someone who is afraid of heights. Looking down at everything is the very best part about flying. I hate it when it's overcast. 
I prefer aisles. The leg room and not having to disturb people when I want to get up. My girlfriend prefers the window so she can rest her head on the side wall when she falls asleep.  
Logan 
Spiderman Homecoming.
Thor Ragnarok imo.  It follows the Marvel template pretty close but what it lacked in substance it made up for with it's sense of humour. I laughed a lot.
Elephant 100%
Polar bear
A teeny tiny moose
The first man to put pineapple on pizza
I can accept being wrong. People hated me for trying to be right
Not giving a fuck about what others think of me.
Courage, for obvious reasons.
NumLock??????
pause/break
The Any key...
Murder house. It's about all the murder houses. 
another pizza 
Cheese
Banana peppers
Roll the clock back 10 years and 5-star rating systems were ubiquitous across all video, music and media software and websites. A lot of people like me invested a good amount of time systemically rating their collections, to quickly hone in on music you liked. Looking around now though, the major players e.g. Apple, Google, Amazon, Spotify, Netflix have all dropped the 5-star rating system. These are websites that used to support it, but actively switched to a simplified thumbs-up/thumbs-down approach. My question is why?  Surely the 5-star rating system was already the de-facto standard? It is still commonplace for all non media related content such as product reviews, TripAdvisor, magazine articles etc. Equally, as all the online giants have business models related to collecting user data, surely they would want to keep the 5-star systems, rather than dropping to the less information-rich thumbs up approach?  I can understand the user interface simplification argument, but surely in this case at least one of these big players could differentiate themselves by providing an option for basic/expert mode. I.e. let the user choose between having thumbs up by default or switching to 5-star (or percentage rating say). It would be a trivial database mapping to convert between these approaches on the server side. Even if your algorithms can't yet process the "high-precision 5-star" information, surely you would still want to collect the data from users, and then downsample it to a binary thumbs up or down.  I am genuinely curious what the reason is for the whole industry moving this way. I personally wanted to sign up to one of the cloud streaming platforms. But none of them are going to support the importing of my music library, along with the track ratings, that I have spent decades building up.  
I'm going on a hot air balloon ride this year 
Looking to 2018, I’m hoping to get at least one from various categories crossed off my list:  *  Travel – Visit 30 countries before the age of 30  *  Extreme sports – Try Ice climbing for the first time *  Self-Improvement – Complete the Duolingo course for Spanish *  Volunteer – Join my local Search and Rescue Team, reach 100 blood donations *  Read 5 books from the Modern Library’s Top 100 Novels List *  Photography – Enter my first photography competition *  Sports – Run the Beer Mile *  Food/Drink – Grow a vegetable in  my backyard *  Work/Vocational – Get my thesis published in a peer-reviewed journal *  Random – View an autopsy 
I'm crossing off moving to another State.  I've lived in PA my whole life, and in the same town for over 10 years. It feels stagnant and I need a change of scenery, so I'll be moving away before 2018 ends.
Monkey
Tuna with peanutbutter.
Fried Scorpions.
Shut my eyes. If I can't see you, you can't see me!
I'm doing it right now. 
I literally will open a document on my computer screen (Excel, MS Word file, etc.) and just leave it there like I'm reading it or examining the numbers.    I instead am really just day-dreaming or making mental notes of my plans for later and what I need to get done when I get home, etc.
Over easy!
I put a healthy size pad of butter in the pan and let it melt. Then I crack 2 eggs into the pan and mix it with the butter. Add some salt, wait till it is just past no longer runny. Then I'll put them in a wrap with some cheese, ham, and avocado. Put some hot sauce on it and ready to eat.
I just eat them raw to save time
The first.
The First.
As an American, myself, Americans don't know much about their laws or amendments lol
My birth ^lol
Earthquake in 04
A blizzard where we had to stay inside for like three days and had to stock up on food. Shit I need to eat a lot.
i broke a tooth
I was tripping balls in Cuzco, Peru from too much coca tea and oxygen deprivation.  Every time I closed my eyes I saw macrovision bird feathers and butterfly wings, which were beautiful.  The worst was when I believed people in my Spanish-only group were asking me serious, urgent questions and I would struggle to answer; when at those times no one was talking to me at all.
My buddy and I decided to eat the mushrooms that our friend left us when he moved away. About an hour later, while the trip was just kicking into gear, both of our phones started blowing up. First, his mom called. She rarely calls. I told him not to answer. Then, his dad called. He rarely calls. I told him not to answer. Then, his ex-girlfriend called. They had been broken up for about a year. He didn't answer that, for sure. Then, my dad calls. He never calls. I didn't answer. We started freaking out. Why were all of these people, who don't normally call either of us, calling? My dad left a voice mail. He sounded like he was having a stroke. His speech was super duper slurred and slow. Now, I was really really really freaking out. We talked each other into remaining calm, and that it was all just a fucked up coincidence, which it was. This was last summer. I'm 45. My friend is 38. Neither of us has tripped on boomers for about 20 years. We never will again, either. Fuck.
Everyone seems to love those pimple popping videos, but they make me gag
Sand  It's coarse, rough, and it gets everywhere 
Woodlice. They just freak me out. Ugh. 
Not me but my husband. When we first met his finances where horrible. Told him I wouldnt ever marry him until he got his finances in order. We discussed all options and this was the best way (I always have had amazing credit). Now we own a home and our own cars. His credit score is in the low 700's and he is working to improve that. 
Just fine.  Met my wife in highschool when I was 16 (she was 15). 10 years later we have 2 kids, 3 cats, and 1 dog. :D 
Started dating her when I was 16 (in 2011). 5 years later we got married. Almost two years later and she's living in Oregon while I'm celebrating New Year's with a different girl in PA. So not really so great I guess. We talk every once in a while.
We've been together ever since! Wife was 15 when we started dating and I was 17. We've had some rough spots (money, relationship, etc.) but we always toughed it out. Now, 12 years later we have 3 kids, a house, and we each are gainfully employed!
I've tried for years to self-suck. It's happened a few times but I don't think I'll ever get my form down properly. It's annoying but it's something I'll have to live with. Happy new year.
Socializing. I have a condition where I can't read people. Did they feel happy about what I said? Angry? Or maybe sad? I'll never know unless they say it. And people aren't keen on expressing feelings in words.
Mathematics
When i was smoking weed i was stealing/ fucking people over/ being an asshole to everybody. I only cared about getting high. Now that i dosen't smoke daily i have completely changed and realised how bad i actually was. Got a job too.
I was a total dick in the 6th, 6th, 7th, and possibly 8th grade. I had to repeat the 6th grade - which is why it was listed twice. I would do stuff like throw kids into dumpsters and lock them, kick people in the nuts for no reason, say purposefully mean shit, etc. I had a total lack of empathy - possibly because people were mean to me and I was a bit of an outcast and/or loner. I think things started to change when my music interests changed. Because I was a loner I spent a lot of time by myself listening to music. This was in the late 90s/early 2000s - so indie and emo were big. I think sitting around alone listening to introspective lyrics made me a lot more empathetic - which in turn made me much nicer. Part of it could have been growing up, too - middle school is hard for everyone. Basically I was never handed a moral compass - so it took me a little longer than everyone else to find my own. 
Society will kick the shit out of you if you don't go with the flow. If that doesn't get you karma will. If that doesn't get you, well, you probably pissed off a lot of people who are the gatekeepers to things you need in life and they haven't forgotten.   Growing up/getting older definitely has a large hand in it. You just don't have the energy to live life and fight everyone or be a complete power tripping dick. Honestly, it's kind of a selfish choice to survive more than anything.  I used to be a very, very shitty person. Very entitled, huge inflated ego, smart and clever but completely lacking wisdom. Apathetic, sadistic to an extent. I really think it was only with time that I managed to change. Like, you listen to something like Johnny Cash's version of Hurt and you recognize yourself in those songs, in the lyrics, in the metaphors, etc.   >I wear this crown of thorns   >Upon my liar's chair   >Full of broken thoughts   >I cannot repair   >Beneath the stains of time   You start asking yourself, "Well, what has my life amassed itself into? What I have actually done in my life, not just with it?" Being a liar is a skill, but not one that reaps you a bountiful harvest. Being self righteous, indignant and impatient with others leaves you without many friends, many relationships, many milestones. Condemning people without even knowing them didn't help me feel better or justify anything. Unleashing my self hatred, contempt and angst on the world just made me that much more lonely, hurt and isolated.  I am now one of the least remarkable, least memorable, least eye catching people I know of. I don't make waves. I don't do anything and I pay my taxes. Any suffering or happiness is dictated by medications and whatever ego used to be here is gone. I'm getting to old to keep it up or maintain anything past myself. I have learned to let go of things I love with the idea that they may or may not ever return and that's okay. My sole reason for existing at this point is to do whatever I can or need to for my kids and nothing else. I ceased to exist. They are all that matters and the only people I need to provide and care for.  I did get some weed on New Year's Eve after about 6 weeks of not smoking and it just feels unfulfilling now. So probably not going to do that again for a long time. I guess I'm also assuming that "regular members of society" is the same thing as "bored, blank faced, won't share opinions or feelings because it's work and I just want to catch up on sleep when possible". Maybe I'm describing something totally different but it feels "normal" to me. 
Cocaine is too expensive just use crack 
iPhones 
Unless you've been hit with some kind of natural disaster, bottled water.
Who doesn't like Ella Fitzgerald?
Skeedley-deedly-wah-dwee-bee-bee-dooooo!!!!
The music? What's not to like?
Guys don't think with their dicks.   We just generally don't think period.
It's not gay to mastubate to gay porn
Women want sex just as much or more than men
Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card. Amazing Sci Fi and an easy read.
Ready Player One by Ernest Cline. The perfect book for the children of the Internet. 
The Liaden Universe Stories by Sharon Lee and Steve Miller. Epic space opera spanning a couple thousand years. It's amazing
I don't remember how, but when I worked at Pizza Hutt years ago the chefs would purposefully make a pizza so that it gave customers diarrhea (the rude ones). 
I know some of them do shit on purpose but half of it is just because they don't care based on there pay.
I was working in a private cafeteria for an informaticien compagny, and a guy high placed was always dissing the food and was the only one leaving his plate in the cafeteria. I was making the "ready to go" sandwich and spit in his a couple times
Find an MMA fighter/boxer who is willing to punch me in the face as gently as possible several hundred times a day for $500 per punch.
Not worth it.  
Give them half for painless punches. 
this post happened not even an hour ago
You ever take a shit and your dick touches the water?   Me neither but it probably happens 
Absolutely and ofcourse i know all about this because my penis is gigantic. Truly enormous. It is so big.
I have a friend that is 11". He says orgasms actually hurt a bit. Plus he has issues banging some chicks. Upside is, he's banged a couple porn stars for funsies. He's made normal girls cry though.    Edit: Working on getting proof. Different time zone though. Plus he's apparently engaged now.   https://imgur.com/a/dyyIW
She was on my right.  She was on my left.   [Hmm.  What can I say? ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO6D_BAuYCI)
We were never that serious but I had been seeing a guy for a few weeks when I found out from a friend of mine that he had a girlfriend. I had no idea and stopped seeing him immediately.  
By being morbid and always considering the death of a pet as inevitable and incoming while it's still alive and acting as such.   Cry, hold a wake, think of the good times, think of the bad times and things you hated. Wakes for pets are legit.
You'll feel like shit because they're no longer there.  You'll imagine how things once were and how much it sucks that those days are gone.   Cry when you feel like it, even if you have to excuse yourself from company or work.  Go to a bathroom and sob until you can't anymore.   Eventually you won't need to cry.  You'll think about them from time to time but you won't cry.  There will always be a sadness surrounding their passing but with time it'll morph into good memories followed by a short longing for the past.  And someday soon you will have another animal to share your days with.  And they will become part of.your family. You'll always remember all your pets. But the more recent the stronger the memories.  I wish you all the best.  It's ok to mourn.
Cry it out. Hell every once in a while I still get teary eyed when a Facebook memory pops up. I got another dog and that helps a bit but for the most part you just have to give it time  
*Sigh...*  OP's mom.
Read the terms of service
Rebooted their laptop/pc before they come to me for help 
Not a direct answer but check out r/WeeabooTales. It has some good stories. My favorite is probably the Tale of Nathan, check it out
Probably the worst thing they do is just talking too much about a single anime/manga and not noticing other people aren't interested, which is what makes other people think they're weebs or not like them.    And they generally have one or two piece(s) of clothing or school supplies with some anime reference, but that's cool.
Stinky, awkward but hyper sexual.    They didn't know what bathing was, kept to themselves were very xenophobic. The cliche itself was a giant, smelly nerd orgy with nerdlets popped out senior year, christened with embarrassing animu names. There was this one girl who would draw Piccolo/Vegeta rule 34 on her binder and had a serious thing for the green dude.   They smelled so bad that when I'm 50 I'll still be able to recall the smell.
[Dante et Virgile](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dante_and_Virgil) 
["Mystery And Melancholy Of A Street" by Giorgio De Chirico](https://uploads1.wikiart.org/images/giorgio-de-chirico/mystery-and-melancholy-of-a-street-1914.jpg) is mine.  To me it is a depiction of hope, loneliness and innocence lost. The bizarre perspective of the buildings leave a subtle unease in the viewer, as does the looming shadow of the unseen figure. The faceless girl runs along blissfully unaware playing with her toy oblivious to the surrounding. The scene is actually quite peaceful hinting on ominous.  It's also interesting to note that some people pin the time of day as early morning, and some (myself included) see it as late afternoon.
I'm invisible when nobody is looking at me
I have the power to produce belly button lint on demand.  My mutant name? "Naval" 
travel through time but only if you punch your self in the nuts. The harder it is the further back you go. but only until the pain stops then back to current time 
Driving - A slight change from oblivious to attentive would make a world of difference. 
I'm not proud of this because it took me 3 dates to find out that he was a neo-nazi, but yeah... dated a neo-nazi and he spent the whole day trying to convince me that Africans were not the same type of human as white humans. That black people are actually an inferior and separate race.
I took a shower before she picked me up. After getting dressed I played some video games with my brother. I let go a deceiving fart and shit my pants. While showering for a second time she arrives. My brother says, " sofatose will be right out. He's taking a shower because he shit his pants."
First time out with my now fiance, we were at a local sushi joint. I was telling a story (actively using my hands) and knocked a glass over and we both watched it slowly roll off the table and onto the floor. Then not even 5 minutes later, a little, probably 2 yr old girl is running around her family's table, as kids do, stops right next to our table and vomits everywhere.
What's wrong with cold water?  Or are you asking if people brush without using toothpaste?
So I don't waste energy heating the water and I don't waste time waiting for it to heat up. I just turn on the faucet, brush, and go.
Warm water feels weird and makes the toothbrush too soft.  
it's gonna be awfully crowded in my cubicle.
Grandmaster
You gotta camera?
My roommates. They had all already been in college for a year or two, so it was nice to ask them about campus or financial aid or anything else I had questions about, since they usually had answers because they had to deal with the same things their freshman year.
First of all, make sure you’re going for the right reason for YOU so you don’t waste any time and money. Second, join clubs/activities that you like which makes making friends a lot easier and you’ll have something fun to do 
I'm going to eat a bag of Flaming Hot Cheetos and think of you dear.   I don't remember, the physical fitness did nothing for one's mental fitness.   Zee Germans made us fucking line dance. 
Twelve Diet Cokes and eight hours of TV oughta do it. 
Mine would probably be; 5k without stopping 10 full pull ups with good form 25 good pull ups with good form.   I'd like to be able to run an 8 minute mile. I feel like if someone in their 30's or 40's can run an 8 minute mile, they are well above average.   It's all subjective, so what is yours? It can be anything. running, swimming, walking, push ups, pull ups, sit ups, something more personal like not being sore after playing with your kids. 
Read a book. Find something that genuinly good literature and read it. Take notes of interesting parts. Mark up the book, it’s yours.  Literally the best way for me to pass time.
Listen to music, download movies / shows on Netflix to watch on my phone / tablet. I like to play games on my phone too like sudoku and puzzles. 
When driving, music/podcasts/books on tape are amazing.   When flying, reading is my go to. 
Was an intern for a large, multinational conglomerate baking company. The promise was consistent, paid-for travel along the east coast for the summer... and the pay was pretty good. I wound up getting sent to one bread factory for the vast majority of the summer where I basically handled one wildly incompetent person's job for 6 months while having to drive 56.3 miles EACH WAY every day.  I wound up getting fired with 2 weeks remaining in the internship -- still got the credits for it though.
cleaning Toilets 
I got laid :(
My 118lbs ass knocked out a 220lb raging meth addict. *shrug*
beards would be seen as gross and unsanitary by the patriarchy, and women would rebel by not shaving
Lots and lots of beard oils, lotions, soaps etc...
you mean like humans had evolved so that females had beards instead of men? probably no different, except you'd find bearded men in freak shows instead
Take them out and celebrate!
Congratulations to them..  Why is it a competition? 
Follow your SO around and tell everybody, "I taught him everything he knows"  But seriously, be proud. Like Walt Whitman said, "He most honors my style who learns under it to destroy the teacher."
Grammar 
I bet you're not as nice as you think 
Why are you a nice guy.  What do you offer this person? 
A fleshlight and/or one of those blowjob robots.
A roomba
A ninja blender 
I miss the probing as opposed to;   #[FULLSCALE LOCKDOWN](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMnjF1O4eH0&spfreload=10)
Equals three 
No facebook
People care more. I've seen a YouTube video of a guy who dressed up all nice and made himself look very handsome. If I remember correctly he made himself fall down and peooke scrambled to help him.   Now flip side he made himself look like a bum and was not as handsome as he was before. He did the same thing and no one bat an eye. The only person who helped in was a homeless man.  People seem to care only for people who are attractive or look successful. 
They want to have more sex with them 
They have to cover their 'wet spots' when talking to them (applies to both genders).
People are nice to you, they talk to you, let you get away with shit.   
Either people talk to you because you are attractive, or they don't talk to you because they are intimidated by your attractiveness.  It could go either way.
Getting asked out a lot
Mentioned it on another post but i went to a wedding once where the best man proposed to his girlfriend during his speech in front of everyone.
was at a funeral where a couple was there with there 'free range' children. You know the type, the parents that never discipline the children no matter how bad they are...one of these little rats kept jumping INTO the casket saying "why does grandpa get to sleep in the box - i want a turn!"...WTF!!!...the parents would just take the kids ot of the casket just for it to happen time and time again!!!..WTF is wrong with parents these days!?!?!?! 
That was definitely my uncle's wife trying to sell her pyramid scheme stuff to my aunt on her husband's funeral.
I'm not intimidated, I just think it's a bad personality trait. A little modesty goes a long way.
They're not intimidated they think you're dumb. Overconfidence is having too much confidence and trying to do something hopeless. Nothing wrong with a normal amount of confidence. 
Secretly they're envious.
almost never. only to hide the identity
I'll throw in the occasional comment that's a complete bullshit "true story" but if someone I know went through my post history without knowing this was my profile, they'd pretty easily be able to tell that it's me.
Not often. There is no point. 
Hastings RIP
Enron
The Wiz
I brought a 57 up to an 80 in an engineering course by getting 100 on the final.
Started saving money for the first time of my life.  Moved in with my girlfriend and bought new furniture and created a cute, cozy little apartment.  Bought a new car.  It was a dope year for me.
I went from not being able to run a mile without a break in April to running a half marathon in November
The president of the US is the de facto spokesman for the country. So when the voters, in their infinite wisdom, decide to put a racist, sexist, dimwitted, incoherent, rambling juvenile jackass reality TV character in office, it reflects poorly on us all.
Brexit 
I'm in Canada, and I am proud of the help you can get here for free. I'm ok with the laws, and just think I am lucky to live here.
I had a hot high school English teacher in my junior year. Hell, I would've had sex with her even if it meant getting a worse grade! :P 
I slept with my economics teacher when I was 16. It wasn't hard since he was obviously eye fucking me most classes. 
My college algebra teacher, I didn't have sex with her... but my buddy did, and that got me a good grade... because they dated... and we were friends... and if she failed me it would have been awkward when we were hanging out.
Riding a horse, dog ran under horse, horse got spooked, rider fell off spooked horse, complete fractures of the radius and ulna were sustained by rider... the end.  Not all that horrible, but my forearm at a 90 degree angle looked pretty gnarly.
I was going to make a jump to catch a frisbee but i failed and broke my arm( i landed on my arm)
~2% of men feel chronic pain following a vasectomy. It took 2 years and three surgeries to get back to work and another year to get off the drugs.
Men with eyepatches and peglegs are typically pirates.  Not always, but usually.
White people with dreadlocks smoke pot. 
What is the most annoying American accent?   What is the most annoying UK accent?
No  I don't like men
No.  I'm not attracted to women.
I would already know everything about myself.  Where's the fun in that?  Half the point of dating someone is the discovery.  If I'm dating myself what could I look forward to?  Insults, sarcasm, and dry humor?  I'll pass.
I saw my dad die when I was really little. Definitely fucked me up in more ways than I can describe. 
r/breadstapledtotrees.
r/malefashionadvice 
r/mapmaking led to r/worldbuilding and now I love making new maps and then creating the lore/creatures that live there.
"Stop looking at my shirt."  Shirt was bright green.
Found a redditor who's just started a t-shirt company.
Fival Fansity XVV
No, not really
Not at all. 
About a 1 on a scale of 1-100. 
The Dark Knight
Terminator 2
Rush hour 2!
Humans are hard to clean in the meat is greasy
Humans have agreed to a standard of behavior for human society. Civilization is rooted in an agreement amongst mankind that we will cooperate and abide by specific rules of conduct.   Animals are a lower form of intelligence which cannot abide by the standards of a society (outside of how we train them)  No matter how civilized we as a society get, we are still animals and natural law will always have an impact on our lives. That's just a fact.
Depending on the context, the animal likely isn't protected by the law.   Ethically, that's up to you. Animals certainly don't have the same cognitive abilities as humans. They're also simply *not humans* so that distance makes it easy for many to justify.  But if you don't want to kill them then don't.
Two people I know told me two of the same supernatural happenings at a house they both lived at. They lived there years apart, and never knew each other until they met through me. One supernatural event was pretty damn specific, too... 
I used to be curious about why they were doing it.  Turned out they were pissed at us.  Pretty sure that's still the reason.  
Eh, it's just people being upset. I don't mind it. People should have the right to express themselves however they want as long as they aren't hurting anybody (or destroying other people's property). 
It's remained the same, "who cares"
Rocky IV is somewhat good.
Not even remotely as good as TLJ
To be happy and spend as much time as you can doing things you love. For me that is playing squash, making music and art and reading/learning.   I am an absurdist and so live my life following the philosophy of Albert Camus.
Pursuit of happiness through fulfilling means. Family. Friends. Craft. Love. Riding the positive waves of energy and leaving behind a positive mark in any form.
To impact as many people as you can, positively.   To me, true success is about how many people are better off because you lived. 
Because to have any opportunity of putting those ideas into motion you need to have support in government. 
Because it is easier to implement an agenda when you have a coalition of influencers, stakeholders and policymakers that agree on a common platform.
We don't "need" them, but now that they are in place, they want to keep their powerful positions regardless of how damaging they are to the country or the political process so they'll do everything they need to to keep that power.
Met my fiancee playing Final Fantasy XIV.  We were in a group clearing content together, and happened to be on voice chat.  I liked the way she sounded and felt like we hit it off pretty naturally.  Eventually, we started talking seriously, and we met up.  Lived apart for a while, but we've been living together for two and a half years.  I proposed this past October.  My family likes her more than any of my previous relationship partners.
Met on a dating site.  Family never asked so I never told.  
I mean if you're looking part time, I'd look more for the job than the company. Depends on what you're into doing.  My first job was at a YMCA in their summer camp program as a camp counselor -- loved it, so stayed on during the school year for one of their afterschool programs. Worked like, 2 hours/day before going home. Pay wasn't a ton, but it was spending money in high school.  My FAVORITE part time job of all time though was working at an ice rink. Grew up playing hockey, so learned how to sharpen skates and got a job doing it. Also taught skating lessons on Sunday mornings, and many days got paid to just skate around in circles talking to guests for 12 hours at a time.  Other great jobs I've had -- bar back/bartender, writing tutor, and self-employed digital marketing consultant.
Lyft is good (was pretty good for me).  You can make your own schedule, start and end as quick as you want, and it's easy money (about $20/hr).   You just need a decent car - but only do it for a max of 3 months, or you'll  wear our your car too much and have to account for that in your profits (which will put you at minimum wage or lower)
Trader Joe’s 
Use their phone while driving
Smelling their own farts 
Picking their nose 
I lie on my back like I’m making a snow angel (on my bed, no pillow) turn off all sounds, cover myself with a blanket and just stay with my thoughts. 
I close my eyes and pretend everything that pops into my mind is a popup which I close out of. When nothing is popping up anymore I have found clarity. At this point I can usually think about something I want to do or accomplish and visualize it. I am either sitting down or laying sown as part of my stretching routine
Sometimes I just let my mind go where it wants for about 20 minutes. Sometimes I sit with my eyes closed, pretend that I'm sitting on a dock above a pond, and every thought that come to my mind its dropped in the pond like a pebble.
How big was it...
What does Mr. Kong play ping pong with?
How far can the beast throw his poo?  Half a mile? More?
hyper music 
Got a bit curious after I learned that [Aphex Twin thinks some of his songs sounds better on vinyl at 33RPM even though his records are meant to be played at 45RPM](https://www.reddit.com/r/Music/comments/3ajg8q/til_richard_d_james_album_by_aphex_twin_was/).   Tested it out, and [Laura Sheeran - Hurricane sounds really cool at 33RPM](https://soundcloud.com/rikkymusic/laura-sheeran-hurricane-33-rpm).
The band Dread Zeppelin does a slowed-down version of the Led Zeppelin song "Black Dog" that sounds great.
Don't write a post that your karma can't cash
Cross that fridge when you come to it.
I'll start with one inspired by a real one:   'Two downvotes don't make an upvote' 
Being diagnosed with a degenerative disease 
sex life
I realized at around 11-12 that I don't have a good father figure 
My resolution is to kill fewer people who ask this question, but I'm not doing too well so far. Run.
I'm still going strong at this point.  My New Years Resolution was pretty simple, though.  Focus on myself and my wants/needs more and stop putting up with other people's shit regardless of who they are.  I decided to put more time into learning Japanese.  I managed to do 2 hours.  Ideally I would like to do 1-2 hours a day all this year.  I think this is going to be the hardest thing to stick to.  I cut ties with a few shitty people.  I set everything up and took the first steps toward starting my YouTube channel.  Going to dust the guitar off and start practicing again.  I managed to get off the project at work that I absolutely hated.  I guess I am just focused on doing the things I have wanted to do for quite a while so I don't think it is going to be too hard to keep at it.  So far it seems like everything is going in my favor which is great.  
Can't break a New Year's resolution if you never made one.
She went from fat, chubby and frumpy in high school to bowwowow by our 10th reunion, and back to fat, chubby and frumpy by our 30th. It's the circle of life. Or in her case, sphere.
One of my friends was extremely fat and then somehow morphed into a hot man. 
Some of the learned how to spell ...
Gives me something to do when I'm bored
When I watch porn I can't get hard for about a week, so there's that. And I wasted entirely too much time watching it in middleschool and highschool.
IRL hot girls became average and average girls became ugly. Made me ignore all the girls that were interested in me into chasing the girls i thought were hot enough (maybe a little too hot)
i came to Reddit to get informed and all i got was this stupid shirt. 
By not being an immature child? I've had sex with other people before, why would I give a shit about my partner?
Don’t care
You just have to put that shit out of your mind.  They don't want to think about your exes either. 
All the time
Hunting often and a few times for self defense.  Living in a rural area in the United States for us means that the police are almost 25 minutes away and many people have come screaming and knocking on our door in the middle of the night. I’ve never shot anyone but it’s nice to have something that will really intimidate someone I know can hurt me.
I go to the range a few times a year for target practice. 
/r/niceguys <- ask them about it
Not me, but a guy who makes his living from smoking meats was outside doing his thing.  HOA guy (who wasn't a neighbor) was driving by decided to stop and tell the guy he can't smoke meats anymore.  "Neighbors are complaining about the smoke" he said.  Except they weren't - many of them bought his meats and no one said anything to him about the smoke being a problem.  He persisted "you have to stop."  The guy that lived there eventually got sick of his made-up BS and when he wouldn't GTFO, he sprayed him with a hose until he did.  Nothing happened afaik.  
I will do it for 100k a year
That sounds like the easiest job I've ever heard of. Sign me up
I would, did the math once and my husband and I would only need $7 million to survive off the interest the rest of our lives. I'd only need to watch for a little under 3 days to hit that mark and could probably go 1-2 weeks before totally loosing it (few months if I could knit while I watch)
Dabbing. It may have died quickly.. but but fast enough..
Fidget Spinners - haven't seen one in months
Pogs were the coolest thing ever. And then they just went away. Years later in HS the kids that were on the lowest rung of the social ladder tried bringing them back (it didn't work)  To this day I still don't know the point of pogs.
For me, the final season and finale of Dexter disappointed me and left me feeling cheated.  
Most recently: Alias Grace on Netflix. That last episode was mildly infuriating. 
Sherlock. Never seen a worse finale than THE FINAL PROBLEM. 
Everything I write down on black paper comes true.
how well can the genie hear? I don't want to accidentally wind up with a 12" pianist
Bottomless bank account, good health, genie freedom.
the importance of voting
Don’t be afraid to NOT follow the norm.  My parents and friends told me I should go to uni.  I didn’t want to go to uni because i learn from knowledge application rather than lectures.  Got pushed into uni applications, said no thanks and looked for alternatives. Found apprenticeships in the UK.  Told my parents and they said it’s very unlikely I’ll get in. Got really determined to prove them wrong, so I applied to ~40 apprenticeship programmes in the UK.  Got invited to 4 assessment days (had to attend in person) by some very big and well known companies.  Fast forward to today; I am 1/2 a year into my project management apprenticeship programme with a defence company. I was one of the two applicants chosen to join the company from thousands and thousands of applicants.  I have a pretty decent salary, I am financially independent and am renting out a room in a flat full of lovely people. I also don’t have any debt to pay off and have a job waiting for me when I complete my university degree that is getting paid by the company.  Don’t be afraid to NOT follow the norm, you might miss out on an amazing opportunity.  EDIT: changed a few word to remain anonymous 
shit happens, and you just have to work through it 
https://imgur.com/zTAzUBH
vampire kiss? is that the name of the movie? the one where he's a vampire. 
That tomato is a vegetable. I honestly don't care what it is, as long as it's in my salad.
Dropbears aren't real.
That not eating a piece of bread is somehow healthy even though you drink 6 beers a night.  It’s helpful for me cause when I meet someone like that I can walk away.
Being bullied by my family for being a vegan 
I lost my stepdad a few years ago (he really was a step-in for my father, who just fucked off one day.)   He died very suddenly- one moment he was standing, next moment he was on the floor dead. There was no chance of reviving him. He would have been dead before he hit the floor. He was only 49, so we had no chance to prepare for anything. My mother was absolutely hysterical and beside herself. It's been almost 8 years and she still isn't the same.   I wish I had thought of things like grocery shopping. It sounds so stupid, but with my mum unable to do anything other than cry in bed, I was trying to call places, trying to deal with insurance, trying to figure out where things are supposed to go and which box had the documents in, where the boxes were, did we have a suit to bury him in, where the burial site was. When the postmortem would be finished. How do you get a body from a mortuary to where you bury it, who am I supposed to be talking to. I was 15 and I'd never experienced death in my family. After a week or so of running around, trying to sort out so much paperwork to do with burying my stepfather and sort out his estate and fielding calls from people I didn't know about a subject I barely understood, I realised we didn't even have anything left in the cupboards. Eating was the last thing on my mind so I was just having handfuls of whatever. There were pets looking at me with empty bowls and I realised we had no pet food either. Grief and the paperwork is so all-encompassing, that even something as basic and silly even as remembering to do some shopping just took a backseat.   I ended up asking a neighbour if she could get us some basic things and I'd give her the money for them. She didn't accept the money.   I also wish I'd thought of things like his dentist, his magazine subscriptions, his charity letters etc. Things were still coming through and setting off grief a year later because we just didn't keep track of things to cancel. 
Screwing up my life and wasting time. 
I can rapidly enlarge and shrink my nostrils and it freaks people out so much
I’m insanely good at untangling anything - jewelry, cables, rope, whatever. not sure why 
I couldn't fucking care less.
If you don't like it, don't listen to it & stop making those stupid songs famous to begin with. 
What the fuck does "woke” mean in slang terms?
Content that actually interests me (subjects I'm into and want to learn more about), hosts that keep it light and fun to listen to, and episodes that are long enough to last for the bulk of my commute without feeling drawn out and boring.
Something that keeps me entertained, but doesn’t require much energy to listen to if that makes sense. I want to just have it on and not need to focus on it to enjoy it.
Sound.
An Uruguayan movie from 2010 called Silent House (La Casa Muda).  It's about a daughter and her father who have bought a small cottage far from society. They arrive late in the afternoon/early evening and decide to go to sleep so they can start refurnishing the house early the next day... Let's just say something in the house won't let them get much sleep   It's a crazy horrorflick. You don't need to know more - just watch it. 
Robert Downey, Jr
 The pay off was better in avengers.  You had 5 solo movies to get to know these characters.  You knew their personalities and felt for them.   When they came together you didn't need to spend huge chunks of the narrative to explain their motivations because you just knew them.       DC had 2 movies before JL(not counting SS because it added nothing to the ongoing narrative).  You had to be introduced to 4 of the 7 main characters and the villain as well.   Then on top of that there was clear edits where you could see the reshoots and sloppy CGI. 
Hulk smash!
Very. Slow.
Eh, I gained 3lbs from the holidays so Ive been stuck above 145 since 12/26. Feeling kinda bummed out about it, and it's too cold (-9*) to go outside and work out.  But that's pretty petty and vanity so overall it's going well.
Terrible to be honest
26 muscles in my face.
Rocket league, made me smile a lot 
A puppy that i saw on my phone when i woke up.
Once you become 100% financial independent, be that at age 16 or fucking 32. 
I think the "becoming an adult" is bullshit. I own a house and I just had a massive nerf war with my family. I think if you are paying your bills on time and not doing anything massively illegal, you're on the right track.
When they admit to their wrong doings.
Why? And which 90's?  90's? 190's? 290's? 390's? .....1790's? 1890's? 1990's? 2090's?.....
2050. I’ve always wondered what Idaho would look like as beachfront property. 
What are we choosing for ?
35 here. I'm under $5,000 left to pay off after 4 years at University. Woo hoo!
I'm 26 and I pay it back at one pound a month. It's gonna take a lot of lifetimes for them to get that shit back.
I'm 30, still have 30k to payoff from bachelor's and master's. I pay the minimum and have re financed several times to write off the interest. It really is a good strategy if you can make it work. New tax laws make this less feasible so I'm going to actively start paying down the balance. 
Woke up in the middle of my yard after sleepwalking once 
I fell asleep in a cemetery once. Also woke up at a bus stop 2 nights in a row.
One time I woke up in the driver seat of my car in front of some girls house 30min away from my house.
when i was a junior/senior in high school, i was exiting my apartment complex and as i was walking towards the exit some old dude asked me if i wanted to see his dick. i kept walking and thought if this guy gets near me i will tear his eye off. 
Eh, you forgot the NSFW tag.
Finally someone using the proper nomenclature for a pimp, but you did spell whores wrong.
Be a kind and decent human being and encourage people who are making an effort to better themselves.
Go early in the morning
I go at a time when adults have to be at work.
I'm not sure if I would be considered rich. Lost 5,000$ playing poker on my first ever trip to a casino last year. Virtually had no impact on my ability to meet financial obligations 
This one time I made a meal for four people but it was a bit too salty so I threw the whole thing away.  Pure decadence. 
Probably my dad saying he wanted to get back with my mom, buying plane tickets to South Dakota and then no-showing multiple times.    Also he decided to give me a car that's just more expensive than my mom's when I was learning to drive just to spite her. Not that it worked.
Glorious 
I'm no expert but I have a vague feeling that this should have a NSFW tag.
Not me but a guy who was my scoutmaster in highschool decided to stick his meat through a glory hole in a public bathroom. The guy on the other side didn't appreciate it, now homeboy's in prison.
Three of my friends yesterday had no idea who Mike Pence was when I mentioned him in conversation. I'd say that's living under a rock.
Patrick Star
Starfish in green swim trunks
My father randomly passing away when I was grade 7.My father used to always wake me up before school, but one day I woke up before he did. I went downstairs and he was lying on the couch probably from watching TV all night so I thought he was sleeping. I got ready for school and when I was about to leave for school so I figured I should tell my dad . After calling for him a few times I knew something was up when he didn't wake up and when I went to check on him I realized he wasn't breathing so I called the ambulance. They later told me he passed away in his sleep .
Two friends dying in a drunk driver incident (they weren't the ones drinking and of course the person drinking did) in my early teens.  I am Swedish and middle class with great parents so you could understand that up until that point nothing bad other than fish dying I had never really witnessed or felt anything bad or sad.
I don't do graffiti, but that's usually the signature of the artist or the name of a gang.
You Do Not Question Graffiti Artists. You Wouldn't Question Egyptians...
Traffic. It's only of the only things that can really turn my day upside down.
Rain
Getting to work in the winter and the entrance being locked causing me to walk around in 2ft of snow to another entrance where I'm not allowed to park. 
Nothing really, one minute you're awake, next minute you're on the ground surrounded by EMT with a bruised sternum from the CPR wondering wtf happened.
Hitting all the green lights on the way to work. 
Hitting more than two green lights in a row.
Automatic coffee maker.  Waking up to coffee ready to go is what gets me out of bed in the morning.  That, and my caffeine addiction.
I packed my car with everything of value to me to take off and start my own life. I hopped the freeway and figured that when I got tired of driving, that'd be my new home. I had a little money but nothing that would've ever sustained me for long, so I got myself into just about any resource that would help. It was the best thing I ever did. I completely changed my life to one that I could be proud of and feel good about.   A few months ago, a cop showed up at my door to tell me about a death from that ugly time in my life. So I got a glimpse of what my life would've been if I'd stayed.
I'm usually not feisty, but day 3 or 4 of my period and it's go time. 
Doesn't really, affects my aversion of it right before it hits because I feel huge and gross though.
The week before: I sometimes get ***ridiculously*** horny. I'm talking 'wanking every day' kind of horny. Once my period actually starts, my libido fucking flatlines. Mostly because I feel generally unattractive.
[even more so with hippies with stars painted on doors](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od6hY_50Dh0&spfreload=10)  "What the fuuuck?"
Lack of reality.
The fact that they're not even remotely realistic. 
They're not real. 
When I came out as asexual to my parents they didn’t believe me. They thought that I “just haven’t met the right person yet”. Knowing my parents, pushing further wouldn’t have made them believe me, so I just dropped it. I haven’t brought it up after that since I thought it wasn’t worth it.
Back in the day when I was dealing with gender dysphoria real bad I was in the "shout it from the rooftops" phase where I would tell just about everyone I knew I was trans. I told one friend I didn't care who she told, she told her mom, her mom goes to my church, her mom told my grandmother, *oh god*.   We had a talk, started going to therapy, family dynamic was unstable, my depression began getting worse with every passing day. One day I kinda just said why the fuck do I care about my gender again?   So yea, now I'm agender, feel a lot better, and don't talk about it a whole lot because who cares? It's just a label.
I came out of my cage and I've been doing just fine
Lost In Translation: They went back to silently staring out the window at the rain, while pensively ruminating about their first-world problems.
In District 9, Wikus will have to go on as a prawn for three years without having been around to see the birth of his child or being able to help raise them.
They're not even remotely comparable.
Isis are not financed by Americans. The IRA received a great deal of funding from sympathisers in the U.S.
I'm not English. But as far as I know:  1) the IRA warned about their attacks, that there were no unnecessary casualties.   2) the Main target of the IRA were soldiers of the British army, police and judges.   Ie they didn't want to kill all infidels.
Being put on his bank account.   My dad died super suddenly. As in he went into the hospital emergency room two weeks before he died and was diagnosed with an upper respiratory infection. Went in on a Sunday not even two weeks after that with jaundice, a swollen leg, and still respiratory issues. Turns out it was pancreatic cancer that spread to his liver and caused blood clots in his lungs. He died in the hospital on the following Tuesday evening, before he could even be moved to hospice.  He didn't have either my mom or I on his bank accounts. He signed a lot of checks on that Sunday evening after he was admitted, called his best friend who was also his lawyer to quick draw up documents, got a hospital notary and one of his other friends for witnessing the signing.   There was still a lot of his money that my mom and I had a lot of trouble accessing after his death because of this.  The week after that happened, I put my mom on my account and she put me on hers. That way, we never have to go through that again in the event of sudden illness. (Both of us are debt-free and we have a good enough relationship where neither of us touch the other's money.)
well...billions have died so far and nobody came back to complain...
If you're genuinely afraid of death psychedelics are the easiest way of getting over it but meditation can accomplish the same thing with more time 
Everyone is going to die at some point.   and I've been hit 7 times on my bicycle.  I should have been dead a long time ago. (especially with 2 of them being head injuries)  At this point, I'm just living on extra credit/borrowed time.  Whether I die at 29 or 109 makes absolutely no difference to me.
in my job i have to be able to operate machinery with a little joystick but i don't seem to have the best motor skills right now :l   i need to buy a video game console
Intense partisanship with regard to sports teams.
I asked for a bowl cut once. I was not disappointed. 
Willy Wonka (or Charlie) and the Chocolate Factory. 
Watership Down. There is a whole generation scarred by this film. I can't hear Bright Eyes without getting PTSD.
The Prince of Egypt. A beautiful movie, one of Dreamworks' best animated films ever, but incredibly dark for a kids film. The Plagues and the Passover comes to mind...
Hey man, I'm a worker and your the manager.  Stop expecting me to do both the working and the managing.
Actually I do really like my boss and the company I'm working on now, nothing to say that can't be said in person. I just would say "Haapy New Year :)"
My boss wanted to know why I planned all of my vacation until May. I wanted to tell her because I planned on quitting.
So you can't answer. 
Conspiracy confirmed.
Checkmate waiters/waitresses
Boxed mac and cheese. 
Oreos.
Sorry I forgot
Zero 
Just tipsy
It will be easier for everyone who has to pass through Oregon, because they won't have to worry about whether they pump their own or not.
As someone who learned to do it by the time I was ten, I'm still shocked and amazed this is even a thing to be concerned about.
Coming from SoCal to OR, it was interesting the first time I pulled up and was ready to grab the pump. I like to pump my own gas, especially when I have a time constraint and don't have the patience to wait on someone else.
Russian Roulette 😎👍
Dutch rudder.
Card games. There are too many to count. A standard deck and a Hoyle's Rules of Games is all you need, or if you know the game you want to play, the instructions are online somewhere.
That their  Puerto Rican mother was Korean...
That Trump will make America great again. Stupid kid.
That I am strong
i've never kept one.
I was finally able to finish the Fellowship of the Ring...  It took me three attempts but finished that history book in mid July. 
A few years ago made a resolution to write down one thing I was thankful for each day on a piece of paper and put it in a jar. I read them all on the following New Years.
New zeeland
Iceland
Northwest Coast from Northern California to Washington.
what if there was a random bang caused by nothing that created everything?
What if someone had just plopped down a few coins for some of Hitler's paintings.
What if there was an all powerful being that created the universe and loves each of us individually and cares for us and if we follow his rules will stop bad things from happening and we won't die alone and meaningless?
I don't have to check in with them all the time. We can not talk for months, and then pick up right where we left off. 
hes so funny and he just gets it. i love him.
The sad thing is that i don´t have any "Best friend".
Not having anything else to work towards.
Why mix good spirits? That's what the low end is for.  But I guess any high end liquor will mix as well as any low end one would. 
If you’re mixing it with something, don’t spend a bunch of money on booze because you’re not really gonna taste it anyways. 
I like to mix my 30 year old single malt Glenfidich, with malibu rum and pineapple juice
Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data. They're the ones who would win.
Those that can and those that cant, Pretty obvious who would win...
People that will win the war and people that will not.  The line of delineation is absolute and easily proven.
Clearly it's The_Dipshit, as they ban anyone who doesn't fawn obsequiously over their chosen corporate entity, who also happens to be a person. Ever been there? Even if it is just trolling, it's the most cult like sub I've ever seen. 
I'll go ahead and throw my vote in for /r/apple 
Any given subreddit and Tesla. Good ol' Rocket Jesus. 
Not sure who this guy is but I've heard the name several times in the past few weeks,  and he sounds like a real piece of shit. 
Well, YouTube rules state he should get an account strike. I would love for a more extreme response, but my guess is YT is actually going to let this one go.
They could demonetize it, I gather youtube is really into doing that.
wait are there actually horror stories related to pumping your own gas?  i mean i have never heard of anyone around here having a problem and the whole country people mostly pump their own gas... 
Don't die of Dysentery.
Move to New Jersey. (Oh, there will definitely be horror stories, but none of them will occur while you're pumping gas.)
2011  The heaviest my drinking ever got. Lost my job and my girlfriend. Got kicked out of my apartment cause it was FULL of garbage. Had to move back in with my mom. Kept drinking till I almost died.   But it's 2018, I have been sober for 3 years and 7 months. I became a sales manager for a fortune 500 company. I got married (girlfriend that left me gave me a 2nd chance when I got sober) and have a beautiful 9 month old boy!   So what I'm saying is, no matter how hard it seems, it always gets better!
Worst year 2013, best year is always the current year. Every year gets better for me
Best year must have been 78: I was born in 79.      Every year is shitty
Yes, I think it is because I really want to be with someone and am searching but cannot find anyone. So I don't know who they will be or what they will look like
Absolutely...I keep meeting a girl with dark-brown hair and forest-green eyes named Chelsea.  Never met a person like that in my life...but she keeps showing up in dreams.
Yes, I had a short dream that involved a woman drowned in a pool. She was strangely beautiful. I was growing increasingly anxious but found myself unable to move, fixated on her. I’ve heard that your brain can’t make up faces for dreams but I didn’t recognize the woman.
Ice cream.
raw meat.
Sushi. Shrimp. Unidentified liquids.
Having sex,  how many views likes etc the person has on a video,  or how many upvotes on Reddit.
Voting for Trump 
Getting wasted every weekend. 
I tried to turn a passion into a job and it backfired. It turns out, although I love art, trying to profit from it was a different ballgame. I quit the business and went into the automotive manufacturing. I still draw and sculpt on the side. It's still my passion. Just no deadlines, no pressure, and no stress now.
I feel good if I’m earning money, better if I’m being productive while doing it. The problem is if I’m working I don’t have time for the sort of things I like to do. 
So far:   - moleskin notebooks - cable wraps
I got a plastic pizza cutter that I still use. 
I got a League of Legends portable charger at PAX East!
I look forward to be able to have a job. It has a stabler income then mowing lawns. Sure taxes exist and I realize I will pay them but its better to have an income then not.
Make the most of now always 
Personally, I think it is pretty awesome being an adult. Yes you have responsibilities and obligations, but you finally have the some money to do that hobby that interests you or to just splurge on a small vacation. The biggest thing that sucks is how fast time goes as you get older
As a normal driver I feel like I can answer this based off observation, cell phones. If I'm doing 65 on the highway and pass someone doing 45, 9 times out of 10 there's a phone to their ear or they are thumbing through it. They are usually the same people you will pass as stated above, only to have them blow by you at 90 5 minutes later when their phone call is over.
Where is this "speed zone", and how do they get under it?
See him and go from there
Go see him. There are always 2 sides to a story and just because you believe in a story that has been given to you doesn't mean it is exactly the truth.    I have seen it several times where the mother makes the father leave, never return, makes them out to be terrible... the father then leaves because it's best for the kids to not deal with the mother's anger. 
Degrees don’t mean anything. I have a degree and work nightshift in a supermarket. 
USAF SF - 7 years  Technically Military Police, but we provide security for anything, anywhere.  In 2014 the Army gave me a medal for protecting **them**.    I didn't want to go to college because it was just a debt pool; now I can go whenever I feel like it and for free.
[deleted]
"Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground" by 1920s Blue singer
Wicked Game by Chris Isaak 
Breathe Me by Sia
Depends on if you bought yourself dinner and a movie first.
Having sex with another man is gay. The other man is not you, it's a clone of you. Another man entirely. Gay.
If you have a clone of yourself, the clone is still a person with his or her own thought process. All you're doing is fucking your twin in the ass. If anything, it's incest.
Divorced a toxic, unloving, entitled, narcissist and married my best friend. 
I stopped playing DOTA.
Stopped porn and stopped eating meat 
Helium. 
Privacy on the internet.
Honey 
Sourdough ftw
Depends what kind of sandwich you're making! 
I am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice.   Depends on the filling.   Hard filling? Salami, hard cheeses, fried pork chop? You need a hard bread. Chewy sourdough, firm rye etc. otherwise the bread becomes a soft, mushy mess.   Soft filling? Egg salad, PBJ, grilled peppers w/hummus, that requires a softer bread, croissant, white bread, etc or else the insides squish out when you bite it.   Hard filling - hard bread  Soft filling - soft bread   
A few months after I retired, I had a nightmare where I was back at the office.  When the end of the work day came, I left, but every time I walked through an exit, I was back in the office.  I woke up sweating.
Falling off a slide 
I woke up, hurried to get dressed and go to school because I thought I was very late but realized it is summer vacation
People want to lick you.... wait, no, that's not a benefit.
Better chance of getting oral sex. People will want to know how good you taste, after all.  [very weak 'ba duhm tss']
Attracting fat girls
I was meant to be on the train that was blown up in London in 2005.   I'd got that train every morning after my nightshift for weeks but that morning I decided to get the next train and go to the canteen for a fry up instead after my shift finished.   So while I should have been on a train that was going to be bombed in a terrorist attack, i was actually in the canteen at Elstree Film Studios eating loads of bacon.   Bacon saved my life. The terrorists would have hated that.  
Had food poisoning once and my room is only about 8 seconds away from the bathroom, including taking my pants off. Made it just in time. 
Because I think they are funny and want my SO or other person to share the enjoyment.
So they can see the video, and then I can see their reaction to it.
As a person on the viewing side, it's not too annoying until they've shown you 3 videos in a row and it's like zzz
Last year was great for me, but this year will be better. I actually managed to keep most things good throughout the year all the way to the end. And I believe that I can be able to achieve more than I did last year. But as time goes by, the to-dos get bigger and greater, but I can manage it all, and so can you.
(Holding back the urge to say “your mom”)
Skydive 
The Doritos story, the jolly rancher story... anything on the Reddit Museum of Filth. Look it up at your own risk.
[My Immortal](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6829556/1/My-Immortal). 
Life isn't easy or fair.
How to be an adult independent in the world. My Dad died when I was 18. I took care of my mother 24/7 shortly afterwards until my 22nd birthday. I had no education as I was too ill for school for 2 years prior to my father's death. I'm also an only child with no extended family. So definitely becoming independent for myself.
Love isn't always forever, nor is it always love 
Plant reproduction
Live flowers keep bees alive and promote pollination.
Some flowers lead to fruits and vegetables.
my life
Someone asked for a reddit chocolate coin logo thing, and I made a nice one, but it got 0 recognition, unfortunately. It's the reddit way, I suppose. [Link anyways.](https://imgur.com/gallery/G38rz)
A minor subject that acted like a major subject ugh 
My partner and I bought our first house.
Walking my dog or sitting in a hammock by a river in the sunshine listening to the water flow while watching the clouds float by overhead.
Pacific Rim. Pretty much every Kaiju and Jaeger would've collapsed under their own weight, but who gives a damn when it looks *this* good??
The Last Jedi, yes yes, magnetic bombs, whatever. Still, I didn't like the whole bombing scene much.
Flash Gordon
You guys can have our president. That would make you long for Trump. 
LOL! The good ole' boys will long for the "good ole days of Pres. Trump" the minute a democrat is in office. Even more so if the democrat happens to be a minority or a woman. 
be somehow even worse than trump?
The 4400. I know they rounded out the series with a couple books, but still disappointed they didn't finish the show. 
I really liked Eureka, Torchwood, Primeval and Terra Nova.
Limitless. For once a show where the characters felt like real people and not fictional characters
Transgender people have a mental illness.  They should be treated as normal human beings with all the same rights.  I'll accept you for whatever you want to be called, call you whatever name you prefer and use your pronouns.  But I still think it is a mental illness and they should get treatment before altering themselves chemically and physically.  
Probably when I said that I didn't think Abortion was a moral dilemma. I meant ethical, but boy did I get flamed.
For example, on another account I denied the existence of the idea that there is a global Jewish conspiracy. It wasn't about zionism and Israeli policies or anything that could rationally discussed. Just good ol' fashioned "There's no magic group behind everything that spent 2000 years playing the long game for world domination". I am still getting messages about it 48 hours later. 
"Ge-if" or "J-if"
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Well there was that guy who called me a cunt 30 times because he thinks video games are the best thing ever. 
Don't buy junk food, and cook as many meals as you can.  I don't know if I'd call myself a food addict, but if there's something in front of me I'll eat it. I quit buying frozen pizzas and ice cream and even bread (bread is fine, I'll just eat too much). I started cooking healthy, filling food like beans and rice or steak for my meals. And I keep fruits and veggies in the fridge for snacks. I'm 212lbs now and steadily losing weight, down from 235 at the start of September.
So not something I have dealt with personally, but my roommate in college had this problem and was pretty open about it. He would absolutely destroy our fridge and even eat everyone elses food when he was binging.  Some things:  Drugs and alcohol are your worst enemy. He was a psych major and is currently doing a PhD and for him the problem was impulse control which would go out the window if he was drinking.  Drink a lot of water. The first sign of dehydration is hunger and drives people to try and get our water through food consumption.  If you cant control yourself in the moment, plan ahead. Fill your fridge with fruits and vegetables so if you are binging it is on celery and not ice cream  Lastly, most addictions are a product of our environment. If you remove yourself from your environment of a full fridge and pantry with all your favorite foods you are much less likely to binge and have the impulsion in the first place. If you feel the urge to eat, maybe try and distract yourself by leaving the house
Diet cola. It sounds odd but in order to satisfy my sweet cravings I have a diet fizzy drink, it's not healthy from me but it's better the then going out and buying a thousand sweets and binge eating. 
It's a double edged sword, really.  On one hand, you get to be distracted from the bullshit of life. On the other hand, you may be distracted to the point where you don't deal with your problems. 
Its like your total package best friend. You get the best of everything. Arguments, jokes, food, gifts, and the joys of knowing your not alone.  Plus Reddit has helped me avoid doing my thesis for months, yet given me loads of information useful to my research.   
It has legitimately improved my sense of humour irl. Now everyone knows me as that funny guy.
Seconds wasted waiting for GIFs to load.
Lbs. of poop
Calories consumed and burned each day
Fuck off, fax machines!
EA
Pennies. 
Jon Richardson. He’s so weird as well which I love 
All SpaceX mission patch
Lightsaber, from [Vader's Vault](http://store.vadersvault.com).
We dated on and off in middle school and high school. We latched on to each other hard, but lept pulling away due to outside issues we were dealing with. I was being abused at home, his mom had just passed away. We got this crazy notion in our head that we were going to run away together, and somehow that would magically solve 16 yr old me 19  yr old him problems. (we met at 13/16) I chicken out and kind of ghosted him because I knew what would happen to him if he was caught with me as a runaway(2008). We didn't speak for a year and a half,  talked for a few months (2010) and didn't speak again for several years later until 2014. He recently got married and was thinking about getting a divorce, and I was engaged. Nothing happened he fell away to work on his marriage and I got married. Fall of 2016 my marriage is in shambles and he texts me out of the blue apologizing about all those years of ache between us. We start talking and I find out he's seperated and filing for divorce. I'm seperated living in the spare bedroom of my house getting divorced myself. We spend hours talking everyday and start hiking and running together on the weekends. Eventually when the question of where I'm going to live comes up (because I was currently living with my soon to be ex husband) he offers his house to me. We never had a "we're back together date" or anything. But we got engaged in september about a year after we started talking again. We are 25/28 now, we've known each other for 12 Years and have a huge journey ahead of us, hoepfully not as rocky as our last 12 years. 
Bet the top answer here will be sex.
It's because of how is babby made.
Society is different wherever you go, there is not just one way it works. Different societies show off different characteristics of the human mind, so I guess all societies work because a group of humans (or one human) decided to make it that way. Nothing more to it than that, really.
It’s about coming to the realization that the nature of things, the reluctance to change, the absence of true leadership is due to the sociopaths that entrench themselves in the same way that every other person has gone before them. Don’t look to the political figures to address societies absence of order. Stop looking for an answer to the injustice and blink the shit from your eyes, things aren’t going to change. Not until you come to the realization that society is a product of corporate greed fueled marketing propaganda. A mixed wash of self loathing and pure folklore. One which would have those of us who normally sit quietly to the side barking like a dog at the injustice of the homeless in our world going unfed while big bankers receive bonuses for railing the world into a brain fuck blender of blood boiling bollox. Access a breath of fresh air through our reddit fueled social outlet, become a number commuting to work with the countless other silent observers. Confirm, comply and let it be. Society works that way, because it can’t change. 
Number of upvotes vs downvotes. For example, if a comment/post gets 200+ and only 20- it'll be in best or top, but if it gets 10,000+ and 8000- it'll be in controversial.
Messi.  He's unique and incomparable.  Ronaldo is great and incredible, but we've seen him before and will see him again.
Messi. More fun to watch. Anytime the ball is at his feet he’s got a chance to take it all the way. Plays through contact and doesn’t dive. Ronaldo is great too but he’s all about himself and getting his. 
Both good... But I'll take Messi any day!
By keeping it at a non-disgusting length. #1 on the clippers every two weeks or so keeps it looking presentable.
Wearing pants
By braiding the armpit hair.  
my brother
[deleted]
Realistically, no body.  Let the dead remain dead and I'll enjoy what remaining life I have left.
\*puts one finger to my temple\*  Can't blow a new year's resolution if you don't make any. 
My resolution was your dad
Already bought the monitor.
Make sure I wouldn't feel hurt when the world end
Just cuddle up with my wife and dog 
Break windows, eat chicken alive and packs of candy.
Had just my bike stolen from my garage. I shed dry tears everyday and live a hollow life
When I worked for a school in Japan, the crazy woman who ran the school broke into my apartment when she knew I was on a day trip with friends to search all of my things so that she could find out what school I had gotten a job at so that she could contact them and get me fired.   There wasn't much I could do about it as she owned the apartment building as well as the school. It sucked though walking through my front door and realizing that someone had been in my apartment without my permission.
Because any attention, no matter how negative, is all that matters to a sociopath
Because he's an unapologetic cunt and controversy attracts views.
Controversy brings attention which brings views. It's a no-brainer for him really 
Having babies
cards against humanity 
threesomes
Spotted dick or Yorkshire puddings 
All of them. Mix them all together.
Pistachio  
I probably need to revisit my W4/witholding ... but as I understand it, those calculators are still being updated. I live in a high COL state with a decent sized mortgage (although nowhere near to the $1M cutoff) and we also have not insignificant property/state taxes. So I might be one of the "tax increase" people.  My wife runs a business from home, she needs to talk to the CPA about how that income is treated ... pass through income and all that jazz.
Might save a couple bucks a week in the short term, will certainly be paying more in a few years. And the country will suffer as a whole when the magical economic growth Republicans promised doesn't happen and they start pushing to gut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.
I'll be getting a bit more per paycheck.  I plan on saving it in addition to some other cost cutting measures I'm taking to save up for wedding expenses.  Also, every little bit towards savings helps when something inevitably breaks at home.
Not understanding my mental health issues. They are better than some parents who don’t believe mental illness is a thing, but I don’t appreciate the comments like, “stop complaining. At least you don’t have cancer.”
Just because you are younger and they are older, it doesn't mean that you do not have the right to have an opinion on something, or speak out your mind. I wish more parents would learn to listen to their kids once in a while.  Danny DeVito has an excellent quote about it from the movie 'Matilda', but I'm too lazy to look it up.
They get in my room in the FapTime
The memory of that one embarrassing thing I did when I was four. 
Would a dog wear pants on all 4 legs or just the back two, or over half of it's body? or like a bodysuit that stops at the neck or chest?
Parents bumping uglies
Margaret Thatcher
Whatever Heath wants to eat I guess, just try to make it balanced and filling. 
Banes on toast.
Play "business card roulette".  Go to one of the bars serving a high number of business-suited clients, or maybe one of the airline lounges if you can get in.  Sit next to anybody professional-looking.  Man, woman, doesn't matter.  Strike up a conversation and ask about their work.  Ask for a business card.  The information on that card is your new identity.  Go find someone else to talk to.  You have to make up a whole different life and job details on the fly to convince the next person that this is your card, which you are going to give to them in exchange for theirs.  Continue for 10 hours or until arrested for harassment or misrepresenting airline personnel.
browse /r/UnsolvedMysteries, sort by top all time
10 hours us enough time to leave the airport and see something. Or at very least find a restaurant that doesn't cost a small fortune
No, or at least not all of them. Otherwise we could just feeze meat and stuff instead of cooking it.    Source: raw fish in Japanese food has to be frozen at -4°F for seven days, according to the FDA.
Some of the cells will explode.  Most will just go dormant and reactivate when they warm back up.   We freeze and refrigerate things to slow bacteria down so they stay at levels where eating them doesn't make us sick.   Cooking them (or desiccating with salt or destroying with bleach) kills the bacteria.  
I'm not sure exactly how it worked, but I put my work boots in a garbage bag and tossed it in the freezer when over the weekend. Monday morning they smelled a lot better.
I had a real life "weird noise, then cat jumps out of cabinet just as I was about to open it" scene.
Hiding from a stranger that was stalking my friend and I in the woods.
Exorcist. Believed my bed was shaking and evil spirits had taken over. Scary.
Umm, aren't pubes normal? Nothing wrong with it though, but a trim every once in a while would be nice.
It’s natural hahmie... just feel the ball fro
Realize that prior to easy access to porn the majority of humanity had hairy nether regions and never thought twice about it.   If humans survived for generations before stumbling upon the idea that they could shave their genitals, humans can survive with hairy genitals after this discovery.
His probably would have read as “self improving alcoholic” 
The cluster fuck that has become her ex and his jealousy.
"I spent way too much money on shoes this weekend!"   That scared me a little in-person, if I saw that on a tinder profile I definitely would have swiped left. 
The first one.
The first one.
I can't feel much joy whatever from my orgasms because I'm suffering from DP/DR.  I got, and still only get, the same amount of joy from an orgasm as I got when I was in the middle of beating off.
I'm a SINK, but no. I've never wanted kids and have zero regrets about being sterilized 4 years ago.   Childfree for life. 
Never. Not once. My story is I live relatively cheaply in a modest one-bedroom house that offers plenty of room for my fiancee, myself, and our dogs and cat. In about two years, I will have paid off said house and my car, and will officially be completely debt free. 
DKGOOEKAFBs of reddit, do you have second thoughts about the types of cereal you use during newspaper burning ceremonies?
1 doge = 1 doge 
Dammit, Barry! Stop fucking with the timelines!
Tryin to make a change :/
You mean "science-geared" subs are more likely to consistently follow objective rules...? If so, it's zero ironic.
Not ironic.  You have to ask a question relevant to the specific sub.   Asking about heart disease in /r/geology will get your post removed.  
What questions are deemed appropriate? 
I've rigged up a hydroponic system in my basement for herbs.  Also got my kid a pack of venus flytrap seeds, so we're going to try to raise a few chompers.
Tomatoes and chillies.  I also want to do sunflowers and pumpkins.
Cucumbers, every year. Third year I'm going for zucchini, I get only a few and hope for more. Herbs, tomatoes. Also hoping the fig tree produces this year. It had a good run last year. 
Point out that the navy seal with the most confirmed kills has 160 kills, do a 360 and moonwalk out of there
I'd let him do it, could probably end my life in a less painful way than continuing to exist, lmao.
Delete my offending comment? 
Lasik eye surgery. Technically I could afford it, but then I would be dangerously close to having difficulty paying for day to day expenses. 
Art lessons. As fulfilling and possible it is to self-learn, I just think I could be learning so much faster with some one-on-one guidance and a mentor-mentee setting.
To quit my job. Obviously I could start searching for a new one, but it's difficult when your sole motivation is wanting to get away from something, but not having something specific that you want to move forward to.
There’s a few that are up there, my favourite is when me and my SO met for the first time after nearly 2 years of a long distance online relationship. Neither of us could get enough of each other it was incredible. Another contender was before that, there was a sub girl I was seeing but not dating, she was the single most sexually depraved human I’ve ever met. It was awesome. 
Why did you put 'why or why not' at the end of your question?
Definitely the guy looking at the girl with the other girl arguing to him 
The Ajit Pai green screen memes were the best 
Definitely the guy looking at the girl with the other girl arguing to him 
Life isn’t fair.
Grandpa: Get as much pussy as you can when you're young.  When you get to my age, all you're going to have is stories and lies
I was at my grandma's house, and she gave us carrots for a snack, with ranch dressing to dip them in. When we finished, she used a spoon to put the extra ranch dressing back in the jar.  My grandpa nudged me then pointed it out. "See what she's doing? Marry a woman like that." 
Tickled. That shit took a wild turn. 
Blackfish or Dear Zachery  Also, The Cove was very informative but really hard to watch.
The spagetti harvest: https://youtu.be/tVo_wkxH9dU
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
In a year, or two, or five, will this still be affecting me? Will I even remember this?
"Things can change in an instant."  I've had many words to live by during my life, but this one encompasses them all. Sometimes people suddenly die and your whole world is turned upside down. Sometimes you lose your job without any warning. Sometimes something comes up and prevents you from pursuing the goals you've had for the last five years. Sometimes you'll be at the top of the world and something minor will happen to send you tumbling down.  But things will continue to change. You'll move on, you'll find another job, you'll replan, you'll be happy again. You may need to change certain things about yourself to get there, but if you really need to, you can change in an instant too. You can adapt, and learn, and move forward. That philosophy always helps me keep me moving forward in negative situations. :)
Gaelyn Lea- Linger in the Sun
Muse- knights of cydonia 
Alice Cooper - Steven  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt5Y__olA80  If you want the whole serial killer vibe, try the three song arc; Years Ago\Steven\The Awakening. (Welcome to My Nightmare Album)
the girl I'm in love with
The most annoying was a setup by the hiring managers to put pressure on the interview process during a lunch. They intentionally set me next to a window where the grill set just on the other side to watch food preparation. It was hot and steamy then the cook poured some alcohol mixture on the grill and made this huge fireball burst into flames in the middle of my talking causing me to jump and say "Fuck!" while glaring through the window like I was about to walk around there and beat the cook to death with one of his own pans. I didn't get a callback nor did I want a callback from those pricks.
This was an interview for an electronics store. I go in and ask an employee where I needed to go for my interview, they weren't sure but told me to go up the stairs and walk down the long hallway. Halfway up the stairs its pitch black, then the entire hallway is pitch black, except one flickering light at the end. There was one chair at the very end and a locked door. I sit there about 45min, then all of a sudden the hiring manager unlocks the door and scared the shit out of me, but then it was a normal interview. It was very sketchy at first and made me very nervous. Im glad I didnt get the job.
It was the #1 women's college for a very long time, but everyone always accused the women who went there of only choosing that school to get a Mrs. degree.   There was a famous top ranking school next door and the theory was that if you got into my school you were there to find a rich husband at the school next door. (Assuming that the guy was from a wealthy family because he could afford the tuition or would become wealthy because he attended this school and would land a good job.)
Worship celebrities.
Buy followers on Instagram
Buy expensive costume jewelry. 
I'd say give yourself time to heal and recover. Understand that time is something that you need to give any situation; some more than others. Just don't give up (easier said than done) and keep going. Identify what you need to do, change, or eliminate completely to get back on track and then work on those goals. 
I'd say give yourself time to heal and recover. Understand that time is something that you need to give any situation; some more than others. Just don't give up (easier said than done) and keep going. Identify what you need to do, change, or eliminate completely to get back on track and then work on those goals. 
i was gainfully employed, got divorced (not my choice), lost everything (men have little rights in my state), then lost my good paying job as an design engineer due to the economy at that time. Nearly homeless sleeping on a buddies couch, no money,  I had no other choice but to start a business doing 'odd jobs' for people (ie, picking up dog shit, cleaning garages, painting...basic crap no one else wanted to do)...often time I worked all day and made only $10...15 years later still at it making well over $200,000/yr....fear was the motivator and still is.
None? I don't think you understand what a Feudal government is
 None? Are you sure you understand what the feudal system was? 
Evolution. Most notably the rebuttal "Well if we came from monkeys, why do we still have monkeys!?" Just shows a complete lack in understanding of the theory.
Directions.  For instance: If you are standing in Downtown Detroit, you are actually looking south to see Canada.
The fact that the 21st Century started 1/1/2001.
Chanel West Coasts laugh 
People that care about whoever the hell that is
Hillary's laugh. 
my sister, she's 6 years younger than me but she's an adult now, and it's so weird because I still think of her as a kid.
Mine is Jackie Chan. 63 years old
Call 911?
Use the fire to warm myself up 
What does winter have to do with a house fire?
Not my current partner, but years ago I cheated on a long time relationship.  It was the only time I ever have and ever wanted to.  We were nearing the end of our second year together and the sex had been stopped for months.  Barely even a hug.  I'd ask her if something was wrong, do you want to see a counselor, etc.  She'd assure me things are fine, she's just feeling exhausted from work, and so on.  Excuses galore.  Now this was my first relationship that had lasted longer than a year and I was still in my early 20s (about 24) so I wasn't that experienced with long term relationships and I probably let this go on for longer than I should have.  Quite out of the blue someone got a little too flirty after work one night and I just let myself go with it.  We hooked up, and fucked once in the bar bathroom and once again at her place a couple hours later.  I felt awful, but it made me realize that the relationship was dead.  I liked her (my then partner) a lot, but I needed intimacy.  Not constantly like when you're new into each other, but ya know, regularly.  Over the weekend I did some serious soul searching and we broke up that Monday.  I'm not proud of it, it's probably my greatest shame, but it taught me to recognize when a relationship was over so I never had to betray someone like that again.
I was sure she my ex was cheating on me. Instead of confronting her about it and facing it like a man, i cheated on her bunch of times. sometimes with some of her "best friends". I then later found out she was never cheating on me. i felt like a piece of garbage. she never found out. i still feel shitty
Ex partner. He was abusive and I wanted to be treated like a person rather than property.
Luck, have your way with me!  What a world we could make!  All those whose lives need some living  Come with me, let's celebrate!
Make metrics and PPT slides that visually communicate to senior management what percent of the minions' tasks are complete.
discovery, audit, analysis, project build, build review, procurement, procurement review, scheduling, team management, project management, metrics testing, project review, finance review, and putting out all the fires in between... but i might be more hands on than others, i work for a smaller team than what most would consider "corporate". regardless, there's more to do than what this headline is insinuating...
While I was never a project manager, I was a project lead.  My job mainly involved writing reports that nobody needed (or even read), getting chewed out for not being able to break the laws of physics, and designing project plans that nobody followed. Every so often, I'd go to a meeting in which other managers would discuss the "man-hour savings" that they had accomplished, and I would be treated to descriptions of processes that allegedly shaved whole minutes off one task or another.  "By reducing the time this took to complete," someone might say, "we've saved a total of two-point-five man-hours a week, which will result in a total of one hundred and sixty-two man-hours saved for the quarter."  "Good savings," everyone else would murmur, nodding their heads. "Good savings."  Mind you, all of this was more or less hypothetical, not to mention a complete waste of time. The entire system was a bloated mess, and the only *really important* task that many of us had in a given day was to make that mess look appealing to the people further up the ladder. So, *so* much of the job was just repackaging information (which was available to everyone anyway) in ways that made certain people look good. The politics were idiotic, the "best practices" were often absurd, and any actual, necessary work could have been finished by a team a tenth of the size.  Worst of all, every time that I had to listen to talks about time saved, I realized how much of my own I was wasting.  **TL;DR: We get asked what percentage of our tasks are completed.**
Put on my toy story alien hat of course.
Check if they dropped any loot.
I'd stop recording and get the child down.
Not great
Probably as well as my resolution to not call people cunts, I made it about 7 hours.
I'm cheating.
Words with Friends and The Wiki Game.
Reddit.
Kindle
Money is the root of all evil.     Actual quote:      "Love of money is the root of all evil."
“Luke, I am your father” is actually “No, I am your father” 
"Blood is thicker than water" to mean family is more important than chosen friends.   In reality, the quote is "The blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb", meaning the blood shed on a promise (to friends you choose to be with) is more important than familial ties that are predetermined at birth.   This is in line with Dante' s Inferno, as people who betray chosen friends and invited acquaintences are punished more severely than people who beyray family members. The idea being friends are voluntary so to betray them is worse than simply hating your family which you did not choose. 
Messi vs Ronaldo
UFO disclosure seems to be happening.
Honestly, this time in world history is a pretty compelling one.  It is a time of great transition and despite how terrifying it may be it is also REALLY interesting to watch and experience. 
It varies.  Ignoring taxes, you are paying for petrol, food, staff, plane maintenance.   Then on top of that base price they also game you. They must sell all the tickets for as much as possible, hence why the price goes up and down. By gaming, they have many tactics. They will track IP and see you visiting the page and the price will increase as you like around.   Also, consider this... If they don't sell all the tickets, they charged too much, and if they sell all the tickets before gates close, they didn't charge enough.
Depends if you fly inland or international and in which country you are. It can vary from 10$ to several thousand dollars.
Depends on where you're going from, going to, the time, demand for that combination, etc.
inb4 "all of them"
They all got away
Sexter. Really nice, sensitive, and smart when he was being himself. I represented myself in all ways, silly, mad, super dirty, and now I don't hear from him. I regret how I behaved. He was the "one that got away".
oversized clothing, durags (no matter what race you are) and lots and lots of Lil Jon
They'd play some edgy music and have a failing economy plus some kid screaming "GET OUT OF MY ROOM MOM I AM PLAYING MINECRAFT!!" 
i think both. :l but i see more the bad side of things. :(
I've always played it safe... And my life is very boring. 
Safe. Turned out great, as I'm still here and healthy.
I stole a lot in high school. I was quite the klepto. It was my coping mechanism. I would have a bad day and I would go.to the the max or something and steal. I did it smart. I always went in in a bubble jacket and would slyly pull it into my sleeve but I would also them take something cheap and buy it. I also sometimes took pants that we're gifted to me that I hated and wear them, carefully switch them with other pants in the dressing room and put them back. I knew how to get the little plastic thing out without breaking it and put.it into new pants. I got caught because I started hooking up with this one guy that was dumb and didn't take precautions. Spent a night in jail
Nice try officer 
Nice try, FBI. :P
Spending all day on Reddit...
Usually I'm wet.  
reddit.  looking for a better job.  memes.  shopping.  
Fear of falling
Probably, “I wonder how long it’s going to take to fall asleep.”
Last night it was the tenth dimension.
It happens. Go with your heart.
There's no such thing as a soul mate. There's relationships that work and relationships that don't. If I were in one that works then I wouldn't pursue any others. Simple.
I'd be very, very skeptical. Given how all my past soulmates have turned out.
Kafka on the Shore
Walden by Thoreau.  Amazing book, highly recommend it even if you don’t read it all the way through and only read segments here and there.  
I think Watchmen was an important graphic novel for me, personally. Especially Jon's whole arc. Just the fact that he is extremely nihilistic and basically becomes a god, leading to him finding human matters trivial on a cosmic scale, and then deciding he does actually care, because despite how brash and wrong humanity can be, there are many little miracles in everyday life that get overlooked because there is so much negativity to dwell on. It helped me out a lot while I was going through a rough time.
I can get audio books from my library with the overdrive app. 
My test would be sticking up for myself and being mentally strong. 
Black Mirror S4e4 inspired this question, so basically if you could make a test like that, what yours be about? Finding love or something else?
Probably just making it through life without killing myself, honestly.
"Sometimes I stab stupid people so don't place me around stupid people."
If I remember correctly, I just put "crippling depression" on the application and it wasn't questioned further.   But then again, that job was not selective *at all*. 
For me it was that silver fox, the [Trivago guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRmLcUIqCHI).
I like Steve on Stranger Things, but between him and Hopper, I would chose Hopper. 
Hailee Steinfeld after realizing she’s still a teenager 😳
I sometimes pee in the family shower, why get out when it’s just gonna wash down the drain?
Watch porn. Pretty self explanatory.
Jennifer. I've never met a sane Jennifer. 
All Brittany's are evil. Every single one of them.
Every Courtney or Brittany I’ve ever met has been mean. 
nothing. my mom was/is the more lenient one
Video games. Mom dislikes video games, especially violent ones like GTA. My Dad, being a gamer himself, allowed me and my brother to play games.
Literally everything 
Time management.
Magnets. How do they work?
Taxes
Their moves instruct me how to behave.
I follow many celebrities.  I enjoy it.  I never understand why people care who other people care about? 
What the fuck?
I have no idea if that law exists anywhere in the world, but that is one incredibly stupid law.
I'm all for planning ahead, especially where babies are concerned, but isn't this a bit much?
It's pretty basic: independence vs. being alone.
It’s really bothering me how I capitalized random words.. *Triggered*
Pro of relationship: Someone to make you food, bring you food, take you out for food.   Con: Sharing everything and sometimes food 
Canada!  I think the plastic money with the bright colors are really cool!
[Swiss Francs FTW](https://www.danielstrading.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/swiss-franc.jpg)
South Africa, the most beautiful money in color and had Nelson Mandela on the front. 
Lost 60 pounds in 2017
Pillars of Eternity
Shovel Knight exceeded my expectations by simply being everything that was promised.  Most crowd funded video games underwhelm or suck. Shovel Knight did not.
Potato salad
My first husband always pointed out to me that I was lucky to be chosen over all the other girls in his life.  On our first weekend together, my current husband (of 21 years) said that he was afraid it was all a dream because this was all too good to be true.  That's how everyone should live, like it's all too good to be true.
 The first one was an insufferable prick. The current one is the best thing that's ever happened to me and yet thinks he got the better end of the deal. 
The first one was the wrong guy. The second is incredibly right.
One night when I was in university, my friend and I met these random girls at a bar. There was one for each of us, and we hit it off. After a couple hours of heavy drinking, the girls invited us back to their place. Poon city, here we come.    When we got there, I quickly ducked into the bathroom to clean myself a bit. And then, unexpectedly, I projectile vomited all over their wall. It splattered all over the floor and the ceiling. There was no way to clean it up, and there was no way to hide it.   Not wanting to take responsibility, I quickly found my friend and told him we had to bail. "Trust me: it's an emergency." Grudgingly, he came with me and we made a very quick exit before anyone discovered the mess.   To everyone involved: I'm so sorry about the puke and the cock block.  
This girl from HS that I talked into giving me a handjob, when I really think she didn’t want to. 
Everyone. For everything.
If i had another two inches, id be well into the "big dick club" and i think i would have no fears/anxiety at that point, i would have probably had a lot more sex in my younger days and i think mentally i would have had way more control of myself (lasted l longer)
Dude go to a nudist resort and you’ll instantly realise that dicks come in many sizes and the size has nothing to do with how much confidence you have. get comfortable with your body, it’s yours for life.   If you woke up tomorrow with a 10 inch dick it won’t make it easier to talk to girls/guys, it won’t make you better at sex or at your job. You’ll just be the same guy with a bigger dick. 
I think I got enough.  but we could always use a bit more.   to answer your question though-  would make ramming my gf a lot easier. but so would doing cardio so I don't flop over tired and sweaty 
If I show up and do my job I get a paycheck!
Not a cop, but I can drive a police car in my city and the city cops won't care. 
You mean coolest perk? I worked for a few months at this gym that also had a small healthy food cafe attached. Ate really healthy food for breakfast and lunch everyday. Easily $15 worth of food per meal.   Breakfast - granola, yoghurt, avocado protein smoothie Lunch - Double serving of grilled salmon, fresh salad, quinoa, etc  Didn't get terribly fit and healthy but at least I lived like I'm healthy lol
4K YouTube scenery documentary videos.
Any Bob Ross Joy of Painting.  I use it to decompress and/or make my girls fall asleep.
Occupied
Don't come tappin', I be crappin'
Occupado!
While taking a Rex in a tribe I had just joined, I realized I was using stone arrows instead of narco arrows for taming. I killed it...I immediately left the lobby. Game: Ark Survival Evolved on PS4. 
put skills into the pickpocket skill tree in skyrim.  then I realized how stupid NPC's were 
When I asked a girl to explain the difference between cuming and an orgasm to me
My favorite was Baby Driver. It's was excellent
Survival Family was fantastic.
I was pleasantly surprised with Kong Skull Island. I rarely finish a movie in one sitting but I did with this one. I'm not sure why but it was just genuinely fun to watch. 
Ideals from the Left: homosexuality acceptance, abortion, sterile couples, safe and protected sex  Ideals from the right: abstinence, virtue, "wait till you're married," "wait till it's right," "save room for Jesus," promise rings  What do all these have in common? No babies.
Febreze used to be Febreeze
I was in the mall going up normally, when there was a power surge.  ZOOM! WHEE!!  10/10 would escalate again
I don't trust farts since I have started reddit.  this paid off  went to the toilet, started as a light fart and immediately into flood
My Computer Technology teacher. When he is teaching flow charts, he starts off with "First you have the input, then the process, then the output. Is everyone following?" Cue a lot of nodding heads. "Ok, now we make this loop, with another loop inside of it. Notice that these question boxes, some can be if statements some can be while statements, and you have no way to distinguish between them. Now, when programming this, you have to put this loop on outside, these 69 loops inside, and use 420 if statements, all at different intervals in this code. Got it?"   At this point, 80% of class isn't paying attention while the rest are sleeping.
Me in social situations suddenly taking a shit publicly. I wish I was making this up.
I actually just had an odd experience with a reoccurring dream. Just a bit of back story, I live next door to an old abandon house that's been for sale for years. It was one of the first houses built in my town in the late 1800s and the family that named the town lived there. For the past 2 months I had dreams about finding a barn behind the house. Each time the dream was different but the common theme was finding the barn, the location of the barn and either watching or riding horses. In the dream my town had similar details to the real thing but it was different with a lot more space/less crowded. Last week I was browsing my local paper and the historical society did an article about the history of the town. In the article there was an old picture of a barn with horses in front of it and the caption described it's location as being exactly where I dreamed it was. Now it could be purely coincidental because I've always loved horses so it wouldn't be weird for me to dream about them and I do know some of the history of the house. But it definitely freaked me out because I had no idea there was a barn there in the past. 
a girl who I had a massive crush on, randomly trying to hook up with me.  I always say no. then wake up
I already think guns are needed in my home, and have them in my home.
I already have guns in my home.
Probably living in an unsafe neighborhood.
I grew up in the 80's and 90's.  In most places that I lived growing up I was able to find a group of kids from the neighborhood and surrounding neighborhoods that always went around doing things together.  It used to be a really common thing until the news started constantly talking about kidnappings and made parents terrified of letting their kids out of the yard.
The 70s and 80s. It happened all the time.
In my junior high PE class the team with all the "unpopular/unathletic" kids would often win the team-based sports because they were actually friends and weren't trying to prove anything to the rest of the class.
Dexter because it got boring after season 4.
Mine is The Walking Dead after they killed off one of my favorite characters 
The Walking Dead, because every season is the same shit, different day. The group finds a new place and someone says some variation of "we could really make a life here." Everything is fine and dandy for a few episodes, but then shit starts going down just in time for the midseason finale. Then the new place goes up in flames, the group wanders the woods in despair for a few episodes, someone dies or disappears, and then hey, presto, they find a new place. "We could really make a life here." Roll credits, next season. 
I got sick and this tinder guy brought me a basket full of soup, gatorade, tissues, and medicine. It was the nicest thing! 
trolled tinder by selling norse gods from the "thoratorium"  she played along with it for a month.  good girl. cute too
trolled tinder by selling norse gods from the "thoratorium"  she played along with it for a month.  good girl. cute too
Crane flies.  Harmless as fuck, but GODDAMN THEY FREAK ME RIGHT THE FUCK OUT.
Helicopters
Jeopardy 
Bedouin Soundclash. Not famous here in the States, anyway. I think they're fairly well known in Canada. Pretty much every song on their first three records is amazing. Their fourth wasn't as good, and I've only heard one track from the new one, so I'll reserve judgment on it.  Also, there's a French band called Commandant Coustou. They play revitalized versions of traditional Caribbean calypso tunes. Absolutely fantastic. 
Skooly.  A few good songs are “Roccsan”, “Bussin Down”, and “Everything”.
[Carolina Crown - It Is](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDBEcsk9xZI)
Cooling.  Earth froze over completely probably four times in it's history.  20k years ago we had the Laurentide ice sheet covering much of Canada and USA.  In dinosaur times it was much warmer and life flourished all the way up to the Arctic.
Long after humans have turned back to dust (or ashes), the planet will still be here teeming with life at some level.
Planet Earth won't care, either way. It will continue its orbit, without pause.  But the organisms that depend on Planet Earth - including humans - would suffer, either way.  (Extreme) cooling would be uncomfortable, at first; lethal, at last. But there is no evidence of cooling actually happening.  There is solid evidence that warming is happening (and that it is man-made). Initial effects are greater incidences of extreme weather (droughts, floods, storms etc.). Later, these droughts will become more severe - rendering large food-growing regions unproductive and making some population centres too expensive to rebuild, after yet another catastrophe.  The next important effect is sea-level rise. Major population centres will be drowned and much fertile land will be lost.  If we havent come to our senses by then, the damage could continue, to a point where human civilisation becomes virtually impossible.  The later we leave it, the more it will cost (and greater the chance that our responses are too feeble, after all.
Got food poisoning at Denny’s some years ago, can’t go back
Jack in the box - throwing junk out the attic and the basement every hour for nearly 16 hours. Felt like I was run over by a truck for three days. That was seven years ago. Never been back. 
Ate bananas and instantly threw them up. Never ate bananas again. To be fair it was when I was a kid and I think I was drinking sprite to so you know that story. 
Radical (insert anything)ists
100% someone is going to say donald trump
Styrofoam
Champions from *Age of Empires II*  If a civ doesn't get Champs, odds are I'm not playing as them.
SCV good to go!
Zealot from starcraft 
Politics.
Nursing homes. At least in my experience. It may only have been one place in particular, but I used to be a business teller at a bank, and the employees from the nursing home down the street came in weekly to cash their checks. They were the most miserable, mean spirited lot of curse words I'd ever met.
family law
Pokémon. I never had a gameboy or a DS, so emulators were all I had.
Final fantasy 7 on ps1
Ocarina of Time 
I accidentally ate a couple bites of meat that wasn't fish. Did it without thinking, but I think as long as I'm making the conscious effort, I'm good. 
By not making one.
Still going strong since last year! No cigarettes in 367 days! 
Nothing matters. The universe was around for billions of years before humanity existed, and will be around for trillions of years after we have ceased to exist. Even if we could travel at the speed of light instantly and stop on a dime, it would take us over 90 billion years to cross the observable universe, and the entire universe is projected to be many millions of times larger than that. We are alone, and even if we manage to span an entire galaxy or series of galaxies, we cannot reverse entropy and the skies will inevitably grow dark as the universe dies.  Edit:  Don't get too upset by this, since we cannot prevent this, and this makes our time alive all the more meaningful. If every one of us got caught up in pessimistic nihilism, humanity would have died a long time ago. Choosing to make the world a better place not only or yourself, but for others is the true purpose of being alive, because we all deserve to be happy.
You aren’t significant
The gross majority of people are lied to, know they're lied to, and accept it because it is convenient and comfortable.  Then they do their utmost to forget that they have been lied to at all.
Someone who feels the need to top every story, good or bad, and interjects into every conversation with a fact or correction that is often misguided or incorrect.
Someone who’s rude for no reason 
People who don't discipline their kids. And take their kids with them to inappropriate places. (Like movie theaters when it's not a kids movie and bars)
Well this is awkward... I don't know...
Every handshake ever.   
When she had a dick.
pay for a premium 
I was trying to repost a video earlier...   I'm willing to Google "download reddit video", and find the URL in the JSON page, but downloading the video and audio streams separately and then putting them back together to upload is too much. 
Fast food.   But a beefy frito burrito is actually pretty cheap, so I am indulging in it more often. 
International Travel
Tattoos/piercings.
Every morning I tell myself it's gonna be alright
"This definitely ain't coming out for the test, I can just skip this chapter"
1977. 
2014, Because I’ve gotten wonderful experiences interacting with other people.
The old west in the 18 hundreds would be cool.
Familial - Momma, ofcourse.  Platonic - my best friend Meghan, who I've known since elementary school.  Romantic - my longest relationship lasted about 3 years.
4 and a half years. Lived together for 3. Didn't work out in the end.
A bit under 2 yrs.
Probably the core
Centralia, PA
Gary, Indiana
By not telling everyone on Reddit how I did it
Nice try copper
Use an icicle.. The evidence always melts away.
You aren’t as important as you think
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 was the best cod, Multiplayer wise. 
I'm intentionally an asshole.
By becoming aggressive without notice.
Girlfriend wanted to play her PlayStation 2 again today because I got tired of board games. She makes me play it almost every day now. I told her I don't like her games and I just wanna do something else for once. She got upset. Whatever 
sending multiple hormonal gay teenagers to the same place? sounds like a swell plan.
Both bosses could be sued for harassment, but too time consuming, and both jobs suck.
My current one is much less stressful but also more boring. I'll take the boredom over the stress though.   I also made a little more in the more stressful job but not nearly enough to justify the stuff I was expected to do.
pro: i work with my parents  con: i work with my parents
99 percent invisible: https://99percentinvisible.org/
Welcome to Night Vale if you're into a kind of paranormal satire type things.
I'm betting joe rogan and the members of the death squad going to be mentioned 
Act surprised that it’s long and freak out, swear you got it cut two days ago. Works a charm every time. 
Back in high school, I had really long hair. My Dad said, "You're never going to get a good job looking like that. You need a haircut!"  I pointed to his bald spot and said, "Looks like you've had a few too many."  
Just always reply with "this hair gets me laid"
I don't have to pretend to be in a good mood when I'm not
Most people suck
No expectations from others to be or do something. 
I was out for-real marching in the streets for equality and social justice when the parents of some here were in diapers. For awhile there, it looked like the forces of justice and equality were going to win. Then in the 80s, the Republican party began to creep, then sprint towards the far, farrrr, right, the loon right, and sometime in the late 90s, the Democrats' balls dropped off and let the ultra-conservative goons swallow up the government. For the first eight years of the 2000s, we had neocon goons in charge of the government, and we thought it couldn't *possibly* get any worse. We even managed to elect the first black president.  And then we put The Angry Pumpkin in charge. Faith_in_humanity = NULL.   
My outlook on life has long been that human beings hold no intrinsic value at all. Life is a quirk of physics and that's that. No god, No justice, No order, Nothing but chaos.  Well wouldn't you believe society in general was looking pretty good in the face of all this adversity and even though there was mountainous heaps of terror and evil in the world it seemed as though people worked well.  Then the migrant crisis happened and the outpouring of xenophobia dragged me down. Then I found out about the crime rates in Italy and Germany and how they have been negatively affected by the migrant crisis and that dragged me down further. Then I learned about the Quran by literally reading the thing and that tipped me over the edge.  So yeah. Nothing means anything chaos is all there is. Europe is full of xenophobes and apparently they are right to be even though me from 2 years ago would literally kick the shit out of myself for saying that.  Also america... Just in general you know (I'm a Brit).
I realized that, in my opinion, most people are both selfish and ignorant, which is an extremely dangerous combination.
Bear for spread and strength.  Silverback gorilla for strength and intellect.  Whatever beast Dolph Lungren is 
Elephant Hippo The mighty red wood
Kangaroos are famous boxers.  Jaguars will take down crocodiles and go down fighting.  Polar bears because they’re gigantic and I wouldn’t want to be near one in the wild. 
Act cocky or conceited when you're trying to be the bigger person and apologize to them 
Doing crack 
Littering out of a car window. 
I just proposed on Christmas Eve.  She said "Is this a joke? Fuck off. You're taking the piss." Then she said yes. 
Tell me how to get a proposal and I'll give you a story.
Me and my husband were cuddling on the sofa watching dragons den, then he got down on one knee and got out a ring and asked me!
18 year old cat called Pudding. She's got dementia now so is a bit bonkers. She likes to yowl at the wall but loves to cuddle. She hits you on the chest if you don't cuddle her enough. She's also got cataracts so if the other cat comes near her she hits him on the head. She's old and demented but really happy and we love her loads!
1 year old Persian cat, she's my entire life. The fluffiest sweetest and sassiest princess ever ❤️
Lexi: papillion/sheltie, 5 yo, rescue, nosy, sassy, loves belly rubs, climber, hoards food, loves kids, hates cats, very smart, never plays  Slinky: mini dachshund, 5 yo, IVDD--has been temporarily paralyzed twice because he thinks he's a flying squirrel (We have proofed the house so he can't jump now), silly, kills every toy we buy him, picky eater, hyper, cuddly, stubborn, loves kids, is very very dumb, licks everything
My favorite subreddit is ————.
A subreddit where users respond to questions one letter at a time, with no posting in immediate succession from the same user.
Without mentioning it, what is your question?
🍍 + 🍕 = 😋
Without the pineapple.
Free 
 Exercise.   It's crazy what a small half hour run a couple days a week can do to your demeanor.
I’ve learned to seek out the yin and yang in life. For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. As a Highly Sensitive Person, I’ve found an appreciation for my capacity to feel sadness. The strong negative emotions I feel also enable me to experience equally strong positive emotions, like beautiful weather and blooming flowers following a period of heavy storms. You don’t get one without the other.   
Time and love 
APPLE PEN BIATCHES
well I would say it but then again I probably shouldn't, I don't want to cause the zombie
Harambe 
Mighty Ducks for me. Because I wanted more than anything to be a duck. 
Happy Gilmore. Cos its funny as fuck
BASEketball
That the professional you aspire to be has been training for most of their lifetime. They still are! It's perfectly natural to be nowhere near as good as them today, next week, or even next year. If you keep at it, enjoy it and continue learning then that is all that you can ask from yourself.
Try to learn the instrument by yourself at first. Know what “music” you want to learn and play. Also, tape that pick on your forehead and never take it off forever so that you wouldn’t lose it.
Don’t slap your hand on the end of any mouthpiece, they get stuck
From my dealer. Also weeds going to be legal in Canada in July! 
I know a guy who knows a guy.
Nice try copper
First time I threw the pregnancy test at my then boyfriend. Cried for days. He’s 8 now  Second time I was nearly 30 weeks before found out. I just cried. A year later I still haven’t accepted I was pregnant. This one year old that keeps biting me and lives here isn’t mine 
I got pregnant when me and my now husband we're still dating about a year. It was an accident and I was so upset. I just sat on the floor of my bathroom and cried. I cried for days. We didn't know if we wanted to keep it. I didn't even have insurance. But after about a week or two we decided to keep it. I just couldn't get an abortion and even though it wasn't ideal, he had a good job and at the time.i did too. And we lived each other and knew we'd be together. We ended up getting excited, planning, etc. We miscarried that baby suddenly and it was just terrible. I was left with a broken heart and $3500 of emergency room bills.  I never felt such loss. I still have depression issues because of it all. We realized after it all how much we wanted a baby. We haven't been able to get pregnant since, 4.5 years later. We eventually had to go to a specialist last year and found out about a slew of issues. Now we did ivf, spend $5000. And I needed surgery. I hope to transfer an embryo this month. Fingers crossed this will be the end of this horrible story for us. 
Terminated it. 
$20 on a scratcher. One of the biggest highs to lows i've ever felt and I used to do a good amount of drugs that would cost me $100+ a day.
£2.50 on the Euromillions 
What's the most you've lost on a coin toss?
"Arizona Sperm Company. You jack it, we pack it. How may I assist you today?"
"I'm sorry, you have the wrong number."  "Oh, well maybe you can help me then."  "No I can't."  *click*
I usually pretend I can’t hear them very well and replace certain words they say with similar words:   ‘we can save you money on a new boiler’   ‘You can shove Monday on a new boiler?’   You get the idea. 
The back of my hair looks so much better when I do it. No missed spots. 
I can see how my ass looks in these jeans
I don’t have to turn around the check if somebody walks behind me.
joe rogan
waking up with sam harris
Gotta go with Skeptiod. It has bite sized nuggets of skepticism, about 10-15 minutes long, so it's not a total time commitment.   If you didn't get enough, you can go on his website and look at sources/cites and that sort of thing.
Water heater has clean fresh water in it and usually a drain you can access said water. 
If you have a power drill you can modify it to make a small hand crank generator to power mobile phones or rechargeable batteries. 
Depends on the situation. Is it a flood, tornado, zombie apocalypse?
Kate Beckinsale 
Rooney Mara
Maaterbate makes it sound so sad. Like a pity jerk, rock bottom nudes got leaked. You'll feel bad afterwards.  Lindsay Lohan puking on a thai hooker though.
No food for two weeks. I've got enough fat on my body to last at least a year, but I can't naturally generate wifi.
nephew... delete this  
A year of no internet could be exactly what I need. I'm sure the boredom would force me to leave the house and do things... or at least be more productive while sitting here.
"Do you like bread?"
Where are you from? What do you do for a living?  Would you rather fight 100 duck sized horses or 1 horse sized duck. 
What do you do for work is always my first question. Then ask about wife and kids. Then hobbies. 
It might sound lame but my best friend and I had a VHS tape of us performing at the school talent show that we hadn't watched yet and we're dying to see.  We were at his house, as I had slept over the night before, but the tape was at my house. No one was able to drive us since there had been a snowstorm and a foot or more of snow lay across the seemingly untouched ground outside, so my friend and I bundled up and trudged through the brambly, overgrown forest that separated his house and mine to retrieve the tape and bring it back to his house unharmed.  Also, as a sidebar, do kids have little adventures anymore? I feel like with increased parent vigilance and increased technology occupying kids at home, childhood adventures are less common, but I could be wrong.
Crutches & a wheel chair.
Battlefront 2...the new one. 
No Mans Sky.
Any liquor left at our home is compromised and now ours. 
Make it look like we have rules when people come over.
Take your shoes off as you enter the door. 
I'd imagine around the time that people started doing bad things.
When cops started using interrogation tactics. 
Probably before we came down from the trees.
Walking off the street into a job, even standard minimum wage roles seem to have more of a interview/checking process. 
Getting away with a crime. I can't speak from experience but I feel like 50 years ago you could commit a crime in one town then flee to another state and as long as you laid low you'd have a much better chance of not being caught than you would today.  But this isn't a bad thing. Unless you're a criminal then it probably sucks.
Applying to jobs which have unrealistic standards for entry level.
Not always. My grandma says she feels 30 but she's 90. Young at heart, I guess.
Some of the time, yes.
How do you mean? Like make up or photoshopping? 
Animal crossing
Morrowind
Ark Survival Evolved.  I’ve spent countless hours simply exploring and doing my best to survive. It’s quite relaxing. 
Got kissed on the dance floor by a ghost.
I had a friend try to get me to join this Kool Kids Klub. It started out cool with some Kool-Aid and we made some magicians robes (for a school play I assume) but then it got weird when they started loading onto a bus. I had to go home though and haven't seen that friend, wonder how he's doing.
Sleep more.
Don’t do something just because you think you’re good at it, do it because that’ll help you do what you want to do in the future
Do not use a credit card unless you can pay it off every month.   You will be so happy and relieved if you follow this one. 
The former. As the latter would be utter misery for both parties and could be very difficult to break out of. 
I have a friend. Known him a long time, really great dude, loves everyone. Nicest guy in the world, I've literally seen him give away his last dollar and give away the shirt off his back. But, he can be very obnoxious, needs to learn other people's boundaries, and he's a little bit immature and has a LOT of growing up to do. He started dating this chick, I got along with her, she's super funny, loves being around people. But she's super rude and very dramatic. Says hurtful things when she's angry, starts drama for no reason, she has bipolar and some other things. They moved in together very early on in they relationship. It went downhill fast, but she couldn't move out as her parents were in jail. They constantly broke up and got back together, always fought, neither of them would get a job, they lived with his parents. They were high school aged, Then she got pregnant. It has been a total shit show for both of them. Cheating on each other, getting into physical fights and punching, hitting and chocking, he spends all their money on weed, she uses their son as a weapon in arguments, he refuses to ever feed change or take care of the baby. They can't even go hang out at friends houses without getting into a screaming fit and leaving. They've hit each so much that their 8 month old son hits everyone constantly. He hurts my daughter who is a few months older to the point that  she would cry every time she saw him, and will not go near him. As soon as I realized he was hitting her because he was learning it from his parents, I stopped letting him near my daughter, and I avoid them at all costs. They have hurt each other and their son, and made their lives considerably worse. So, my answer is being in an unhealthy relationship is worse. Together they've destroyed each other's lives. Fix yourself As best as you can before getting into a relationship, and don't start a relationship with someone who is that dysfunctional. You will only tear each other down.
Both are equally bad 
Just say you have a case of the grumblebutts. No one will ask questions about anything related to the butt. 
On the morning of work, phone and say your car has broken down on that country lane you sometimes use as a shortcut on your commute. It needs to be towed to the nearest garage but it takes the recovery van nearly 3 hours to find you.  But when you get to the garage you realise you have no money to pay for the repair of the thingy-ma-jigger that has caused your car to clap out.  So you “wait” for your Mum to bring you some cash as you have no phone or cards with you. You left them at home. Silly you!  Your mother lives 2 hours away and begrudgingly helps. By the time all this has played out, you’ll have killed 6 or 7 hours and you have no way of getting into work as your car is still in the shop getting fixed.  What a horrible day you made up! We’ll talk about it always. 
Doctors appointment 
Soylent
Potato
Wheat and corn 
When I was younger I went to the doctor and he put a thermometer up my butt and I hated that
Do better today than you did yesterday. 
[My new years resolution](https://i.imgur.com/tFhTYoq.jpg)
Fuck bitches get money 
We have a right to seek it out, but noone has an obligation to comply.
Reddit has seriously lost the meaning of a right. A right is not something we want really bad, it isn't even a thing a person needs. A right is a thing that a person can inherently have without cost or injury to others. A right to free speech works because all people can simultaneously have that right without infringing on each other. The right to bear arms works because there is no promise that anyone is given weaponry, just that they have the right to have it. This is why we have the pursuit of happiness, not happiness. Pursuits of good things can be a right, the thing itself likely cannot because it violates the whole universal and without cost to others bit. 
No one has a right to it
Oddly enough, you won't have as much time to read books as you might expect..
The eyes of my best friend when she looked at me with pure love.
Cleopatra. Some say she's one of the most beautiful women to ever grace the earth, or a plain-looking woman who made it up with her incredible charisma and intelligence.
The inside of my lens cap
After I came to the US, I would go to skateparks to watch people skate and began trying out some tricks. I was rather large back then and had a hard time doing even the most basic tricks. I decided to lose weight as a way to get better at skateboarding (i guess i love it that much)
I could either do it today or be unhappy for another day. 
I kinda hit fuck it and wanted to do as much before I die, so motivation was probably making myself as uncomfortable as possible because the more uncomfortable situations I put myself in I found more fulfillment and open mindedness 
I typically answer, "All over." If they want more details, then I'll give them a list.
I ask them to specify.
Military brat here. We move so often that i don't call a specific place "home". Usually I say I'm from one of the states I really liked, like Florida. But I definitely try to avoid that question though. Saves alot of explaining on my part. 
Slang.
Jerk.  [something] sucks.
Crazy, which is related to crackpot, as a term for the mentally unstable.  Crazy was originally a navel term, meaning a ship with a leak that has taken on enough water that it pulls to the side in an uneven fashion.  A crazy ship was one that was hard to steer and would go in seemingly random directions as the water moved around in the hull.  The term then mutated at the same time to apply directly to the mentally ill (being unpredictable and wandering off course), and became a synonym for leaky.  A pot with a crack in it leaks, and then crack pot became associated with crazy, and then indirectly became associated with the mentally ill as well.
not working
Traveler 
Working with sheltered animals. Help clean and take care of them. Help socialize shy ones and helping them find new homes. 
I can name the year, make and model of basically every car on the road today and remember license plate numbers, credit cards, social security numbers, etc.
I got 2 legs
When my nephew was little (about 3 or 4) there was a house rule that he wasn't supposed to point guns at people (toy guns, but still). One day he's playing and he's "shooting" me and I gently reminded him, "Remember, don't point our gun at people." He looked me square in the eyes and "shot" me again. I took the gun from him and put it on top of the fridge. I said he could have it back later.  He said to me, "Well, when I get bigger and you get littler, I'm going to take guns from **you** and put them on top of the fridge."
My sister threw an epic tantrum because no one would turn off the rain.  Her reasoning: you can turn of the shower whenever you want, why  can't you turn off rain showers?
my nephew-  " why not buy more money?"
Sacrifice 
Convincing others to want peace may be a start
Shut the hell up when someone has a different opinion to theirs
Dr. Pimple Popper
Food Fight. The animation makes me want to kill myself, but it’s like watching a plane crashing into a train wreck as the Titanic sinks in the background. 
Feminist/sovereign citizen freak outs.  It's always cringe worthy for me but I can't look away...
Not at all. I buy at most a half-dozen a month, and play them solely for entertainment value and as a bit of variety.  I'm at a stage of life where the top prize of $10k for the type of tickets I might buy would help with some stuff, but it wouldn't change my life, so they're not really that addictive to me.
I’ve worked at a convenience store for over 4 years and have seen a lot of the same people come in my store to buy lottery and scratcher tickets almost everyday. Some seem to be unaffected by playing lottery, but this morning I saw a man who has shopped at my store for 3 years now walk in looking homeless. Keep in mind when I first saw him years ago he would arrive in a really nice car, walking in with a smile on his face everyday with the intention of buying lottery tickets. Now I see him with no car, long hair, full beard with with a depressed look on his face. This is probably the first time I’ve seen him in months. I know that lottery may have not been the reason why his life turned upside down, but he certainly did have an addiction to it. Does anyone have any similar/different experiences when it comes to playing the lottery/scratcher? Has it changed your life for the better, worse, or not at all?
Before the iamverysmart crowd rolls in with the "stupid tax" and other *hilarious* one-liners about how stupid lotto players are, the one thing you may not realize since you've intentionally kept yourself out of the loop is that nowadays, many lottery organizations offer a guaranteed win on each draw, regardless of whether or not the main jackpot has been won.  For example 6/49 in Canada has a guaranteed $1M winner for *every draw* which significantly increases the odds compared to the main jackpot, since they draw the winning ticket from the pool of actual played tickets, and not from a random draw of 5, 6, or 7 numbers, with no guarantee that anyone will have a winning ticket.    Since there are more tickets purchased when the jackpots are higher, your chances of winning improve significantly if you buy a ticket when the jackpots are at their lowest.  So, $3 every now and then at a shot at a guaranteed million will *not* negatively alter my retirement in any tangible way.   
/r/superbowl
/r/funny 
/r/marijuanaenthusiasts
ohm man, where to begin
Cut the utilities off on the home he had to leave, and eventually terminated the lease on my toddler and I. Good times.
Slept with about 8 guys and got herpes, then tried to get back with me. 
Do you mean game with running? Or ongoing game?  I enjoy cross country skiing and snowshoeing. 
Actually be in my life.
when they show that I did not disappoint them
My Dad taught me how to hold a flashlight and get yelled at.
Arrested development before they came back to it.
The Office. It's hilarious and quirky and I can watch it over and over again without getting tired of it. Besides it being funny, the storylines were great and the ending was satisfying. 
For me, Community. I loved that show. It's such a fun show to watch, yet is underlined with the hopelessness and ennui of community college that I myself felt for 3 years.
I type this as he lies next to me asleep. I could go on forever about the ways he saved me and changed me but I think the real heart and connection comes from the here and now.    I never believed in marriage or true love or “the one”— I was always a strong believer that love is (and will always be) a choice. Not to say that it isn’t true but I thought that an actual connection was something just out of media. The kind of love that makes you want to be a better person... The kind of touch that fills you with warmth... The kind of trust that assures me I could jump off a cliff and he’d catch me somehow. He always is there for me. No matter what.    The first time he said “I love you” I smiled and said thank you. I knew I felt the same but something just kind of held me back. He didn’t comment on the fact that I didn’t verbally return what was expected. He’s not the kind of person to take and expect someone to give on his terms. Instead, he smiled like he always does at me and we continued on.    I don’t think I’ve ever been happier. I’ve never met someone kinder and as genuine as him. I use to ask him about his hopes and dreams for the future and he’d always say the same thing no matter how much I pressed—  “What do I want to do in the future? To marry you someday.”    I can see the difference in his eyes when he looks at me compared to everyone else. His hand just feels right in mine. Even now the curve of his body against mine as I type this from under the blanket (it’s cold!!) feels like we were meant to be like this.    I’m so happy... I’m too happy... I constantly ask myself—  do I deserve to feel like this? Is this something I can lean on forever? I’m scared I won’t be enough to hold his attention forever. I want to be enough for him. And he pushes me everyday to become a better person. If I had known a love like this was possible for a person like me, then I would’ve worked harder to be a better person for him even before we met.
I'm five years in. This man loves me so completely, and some days I just don't know what to do with that. I feel so spoiled, so loved, and so happy. It's nauseatingly wonderful. I look at him and just want to squish him. He loves my daughter (not his bio child) so well. He navigates my mental health struggles like a pro (PTSD from sexual assault and some plain old depression). He has helped me through my doctoral program. I'm a lucky woman.  But, I've had to learn that our relationship has tides. Sometimes it is wonderful (like right now), and sometimes it is slow and kind of dull. Sometimes we don't have sex for a few weeks, sometimes sex happens 5x a day. Sometimes we don't touch and get irritable with each other. Sometimes we act like giddy high school sweethearts.   We've also had to learn how to love each other well. I'm a physical and vocal person. Hold my hand and tell me you love me and I'm happy as can be. He is about kind actions and spending time together. He felt overwhelmed when I'd be "clingy" and I'd panic when he was "standoffish." Learning when to give him space and how to communicate when I need affection has been a work in progress. Not mention our political standings; I'm more liberal and he's a devout conservative. We talk about politics all the time. There are always difficulties and struggles, but we've decided to work through them.  Where are we now? Now we're trying to get navigate the "pre-marriage" phase. We're about to introduce our parents to each other, we've been ring shopping, etc.   What am I scared of? I'm scared of messing up. I'm scared of resentment breeding. I'm scared of future infertility. I'm scared of our families drama. Both of our families have their issues (everyone does), but we're trying to set our marriage up for success. Oh, and I'm 5 years younger and a woman. Statistically, he'll pass away first. I'm scared of losing him.  Basically, this is the most wonderful and most terrifying thing I've ever done. 
Worried more about external forces than internal ones. We get all choked up when we look at each other and are general crazy about each other. But there are lots of external pressures (finances etc) and it can be a bit overwhelming. 
You need the context. If the result is about a problem other papers have only been able to touch on, that makes it more important than a problem that hasn’t really come up before.
Typically an important discovery significantly advances the field while a big splash challenges previous ideas. I think of them as separate but important.
I reject that theory. Communication, compatibility, compromise, and sex are vastly more important.
Depends on your comfort level, I'm completely comfortable farting in front of strangers
Everyone farts even serial murderers - it's a sign you are alive not in a great relationship.
That I only had received 4 emails over the Christmas break. 
I got the flu. My Da has had it all week, I've been giving him hugs all week, thought i was a super warrior, with an immune system to match... I am not
That Logan Paul has *that bad* of poor judgement. 
My house.
My Jeep, but only because it has a full tank of gas.  Otherwise I think my tv is worth more.
My college degree 
For instance, when "(/yam)"  is typed you can get a yam. You can write on it by having [text in square brackets] before the /yam
Put on side 1 on Led Zepplin IV-Mike Damone
Set a time to end the date. For example, set it up for an hour. If things don’t work out, you’ve only lost an hour. If things go well, you can extend the time.
Be on time. Be well groomed. Pay attention. 
Not allow anyone under 25 to message anyone or post, comment, up/downvote anything. 
Remove all usernames
How much do I get paid?
Telling my parents and my so kind in laws about my divorce 
Giving in my notice at my job. 
I was eighteen and I had a bad feeling about my best friend’s boyfriend. He was very charming and attractive; however, he gave me a bad vibe and I didn’t trust him. I did not want to tell my friend how I felt because I was worried she would get angry with me and I did not want to start a fight. Though, she was my friend, so I felt like I should try to protect her even if she would get mad at me. So eventually I tell her over lunch that I don’t trust the guy and I’m worried he’ll hurt her, and my friend listened to what I had to say. She then told me that she was just dating him for the summer and they weren’t going to be serious. It felt really good to get that off my chest, especially since I have a hard time expressing myself to others. I was also happy that my friend didn’t get mad at me. ....  Fast forward a few weeks: My friend has become more serious with the guy and I get a call at 2 in the morning from friend who is crying because the boy cheated on her. 
The amount of vitriol on R/Conspiracy...   Also logic.  At this point EVERYBODY is involved in EVERY CONSPIRACY (Lizard People, Pizza Gate, etc.)  Oh and once this flat earth shit started.  
Because he's good enough, he's smart enough, and gosh darnit people like him.
He was an easy politician to make fun because he has a lot of devoted followers on reddit. Like puppydogs.
He could draw the whole United States.
Fuck.
A lot
Bastard tits.
Drinking beer and watching football.
Death due to hypothermia 
Nookie.
Once my school performed FAME: The Musical. There are a lot of scenes where the entire cast is dancing. So in one of said scenes, this one guys dances like a complete duck to the lyrics "I'm gonna learn how to fly." After the first act everyone was absolutely hysterical backstage. We still mention that to him up till now.
Years ago I went to a Star Trek convention where Jonathan Frakes (Commander Ryker from Next Gen) was the guest speaker. He had recently been a guest on a talk show where he had said something to the effect that Star Trek fans should dial back the obsession a bit. Sort of a "get a life" comment.  Before he came onstage, the MC worked with the audience to set up a joke. We were instructed that when he came out onstage we were to remain silent.  No applause, cheers or anything else that would've been a warm welcome.  Supposedly he was still in the green room and couldn't hear what was going on. For the sake of the story, let's assume that's true.  When it came time, he was announced and he walked out on stage with a big smile and wave but from the audience there was nothing. You could hear crickets chirping.  We let him sweat as he crossed the stage and took his seat. He had a hard time keeping a smile on his face. Then the audience erupted with much cheers and applause.  Fun was had by all.
work more and more hard during day time....anything like gym,yoga,personal work etc.
Melatonin and meditation.   Also, shut off all electronics at least 30 minutes before bed. Maybe have music on, but no screens!       
dont eat anything 8 hours before bed. going to sleep on an empty stomach is the best way to get a good nights sleep
A woman posted about being alone at home and she let her dog out. Moments later she heard her dog scratching to be let in but something stopped her from opening the door. She looks through the peephole and it was a man pretending to be her dog. That whole post scares me. What if she hadn't looked?
This one
I read one about a child who would hear this whistling(he was with his mom the first time walking the dog if I recall). It kept happening throughout his life...super creepy..same whistling Everytime...until one-time he was with his gf camping waaaay later in life and some dude was in a boat on a lake or something. Like the fucker was following him his whole life
Highly intelligent, but uneducated
[deleted]
You can always tell based on how inquisitive they are, and how quickly they can pick up new concepts if they were to learn them together with most other people. 
The moment my first child was born. He was alive and healthy. It was the joy of becoming a father plus the relief of him being ok - and being with my wife/best friend through the process. 
A teacher used to go around ringing a giant bell in everyone's faces to get them to end break and go to class, so I took the little dangle-dinger out of the bell and made a ransom poster for it's safe return. It was never returned.
I started the reading craze in high school, back when bookworms were considered nerdy. It basically made reading popular. I was one of the few people who first read The Hunger Games in school. Some popular kids noticed my book, and asked what it was about, and I recommended they go check it out at the library. And then everyone who's anyone began going to the library to borrow books.
Pretty lame compared to the rest but I was the lead guitarist in the band playing the soundtrack of our school production. Later on that year I got lots of performance oppurtunities; one in front of the entire school. This year however, I'm in a big exam year so no gigs for me till the end of the year...
because of lack of education, they were never proberly taught how to deal with facts, logic, and discovery, digest what is important and incorporate that into their worldview.   The two forces that fight the truth are lack of education and religion which teach people to freak out and make shitty decisions when faced with information.
That's a loaded question. 
It causes difficulty
Like all social media you should realise that people are generally only posting snapshots of their lives, only the highlights too. All these people have their own problems in life they're just not showing it online.  There's only a small number of people who are completely transparent online, and an even smaller number of people who go through life with absolutely no problems or mediocrity.  Edit: had a typo 
Dopamine for your achievments, dissapointment for your perceived short comings. It is a vicious cycle if you start to think any of it actually matters.
I use that self hate as fuel to get up and do something meaningful. I might hate myself now, but I can stop Future me from hating himself by going for a run right now, or by driving over to a coffee shop and getting in some quality writing time. 
Old house and barn foundations.  Growing up in New England you tend to come across a lot of forgotten structures like that out in the woods.  I always loved them because I could pretend they were ruins and I was an explorer or adventurer.
Went to the woods and found someone’s house, it was basically just tarpaulin and a sleeping bag, campfire etc.   It was way away from the village I come from and I was a bit freaked out but it was really cool discovering something like that. 
I found an envelope outside our house with about $5,000 cash in it. Luckily, the first person I asked was the one who lost it.
Going outside.
Clean out my ears with Q-Tips.  Sorry I like clean ears and have the ability to not full force jab the thing all the way to me ear drum like a dumb ass.  
Very light trolling on r/twoxchromosomes 
My dad took me out of school to go see “Return of the King”
Not me but a class mate “my dog ate my computer”
I got home at 10pm.  Tbh it was kinda true. School ends at 4.20, I had drama practice until 5.30, my mom took me to have dinner, got home at 7pm. Showered and left for an extra class at 8. Got back at 10.30
wasn't there that American politician who claimed gays caused hurricanes or something and had his house destroyed by a hurricane?
(wasn't me but) Getting 100% attendance and being ill on the day you receive the certificate.
The one politician saying preexisting conditions happen because you deserve it who then got prostate cancer.
You call and say you want to be anonymous. 
Find their non emergency number, call it, explain everything, don't give a name.   
Cop here:  Call the non-emergency number and see if your department has a Vice tip line.  Understand that calling in an anonymous tip doesn't mean a SWAT team will be kicking down the door a few minutes later.  Investigations take a very long time.
Myself unfortunately
Alcohol. I love the feeling it gives me, but I hate what it does for my overall health.
My car...I love her when she is working, but when breaks down I hate she
The constitution? 
It was legal to kill a Mormon on sight in Missouri until 2007.
Everything's going swimmingly, dear, don't worry!
How goes the evacuation of Dunkirk?  swimmingly, sir!
Swimming with Lee went swimmingly.
My ex wife left me for her boss. She's miserable now and she fucking deserves it. I'm bloody awesome!
People have been trying to get me to see for more than twenty years. He was the one man who finally made me realize that I should have left much earlier,  I have regretted many things. But I have never regretted leaving my spouse for him.
Better than planned. I was being cheated on, put down all the time. When I met the new girl she treated me so good. Never looking back!
Please and thank you, its so fucking easy
"I am sorry." Or "My mistake."
When it comes to internet discussions - A lot of words/terms from technical philosophy make discussions a lot clearer. But if you use them outside of that world, you will only piss people off.  My favourite is the word "apologise". It means "to defend" or stick up for something. e.g. "Biblical apologists". But if you use it online, people think you're somehow disparaging whoever you are talking about.  Another example are fallacies. If you claim someone has used a "strawman" on the internet, you will 9/10 get into an argument about whether they used a strawman or not. You basically cannot use them no matter how quickly they cut to the chase.  On a separate note, I've found analogy is basically unusable in an internet discussion. Analogies are meant to illustrate the point by using something similar, but not the same. By their very nature, an analogy does not accurately describe a situation. But if you use one in an internet discussion, 9/10 the responder will try to tear down the analogy, and won't address the illustration it was trying to make at all.
This one time, somebody wanted me to describe a situation about a word that doesn't exist. I couldn't answer because I couldn't figure out what the question was supposed to be, due to this one non-word. It was awkward.
Watching others play VR.
Dancing. If you think about it, its pointless
Working out on the elliptical. 
When you have fun, are you having "A Wale of a time"?
So i've been and climbed Snowdon (plus a couple of others in that area), I've also climbed Pen Y Fan. Where in Wales should i base my next walking holiday, and which are the best walks to do there?
What sort of diet do you eat to generate enough phlegm to pronounce your place names?
Used to hang out alot with her and a friend of her.  Her friend always kept telling me she said very sweet comments about me, from "He's such a sensitive person, I find it very cute" to "The way he dresses is adorable."  
I was out last year with a friend in a pub when a random old acquaintance joined us while she was waiting for someone else (happy co-incidence). She was well out of my league beautiful, but we had a nice evening chatting - I hugged everyone goodbye and left before the other two.  When i got home I had a screenshot sent to me by my colleague of a conversation between him and her.  Her : I really like Stats, the way he hugged me on the way out was magic. Do you think he would be into me.  Him : I'll ask and get back to you  Her : So what did Stats say?? I wanna kiss him!!  We ended up going out for about three really fun months before she lost interest in me (it turns out she took **a lot** of cocaine & enjoyed going out dancing as often as possible - I didn't). 
There was a girl in high school who always complemented me and talked about how cute my hair/face/clothes/behavior was. I (and most other people) thought she was gay since we had only ever seen her date other girls, so I thought nothing of her comments.   One day one of her friends asked me why I kept “ignoring” her. Turns out she was bisexual and all her comments to me were her trying to drop very blatant hints. And of course none of my friends believed me when I told them and laughed at me for trying to “turn” her. 
Putting it inside your ass
Just turn it and bite through the peel.
every week the same question
My friends dad had a heart attack in front of me I tried to save him but there was nothing I could do 
Friend got married to a guy, the honeymoon was a kayaking/tubing trip on some river. Her new mother in law fell out, got caught by something in the river, had an asthma attack and died right there. One hell of a way to start a new marriage.
When I was a teenager a friend of mine was showing me the security room of the place he worked at. As we were looking at the screens one of the screens a guy walked into the front lobby and shot himself with a small handgun. We didn’t really realize what had happened since the video quality was so low and he was still moving on the ground, but he ended up dying shortly afterwards. 
"Fixation on unknown facts" ... there's FOX news for that.
[deleted]
I'm still trying to figure out how the posi-trac rear end in a Plymouth works. So I guess I am fixated on an unknown
Just another voice from the chatter.
everyone on tyt is a russian spy paid by putin to discredit democrats
Staph infections/flesh eating diseases are the worst they try and keep em clean but your basically left alone to rott in your cell
I went to a workhouse for a week. I’m a type 1 diabetic and they tried to give me type 2 diabetic pills.
Self-Entitled Customers who are *al.ways*. *right*.
You can have good days at work?
Some old lady who feels the floors aren't clean enough and feels the need to criticize every single week.   Extremely reliable cleaners who get it 98% right are rare. Keep your mouth shut unless you enjoy having a new cleaner every four months.
Wait, are there still places that pay blood donors? How bizarre. 
Blood is not currency. (Well I guess it does have a monetary value)  It's a donation you aren't supposed to get something back. (Well other charitable donations have tax deductions)  It doesn't count towards the charities or organizations that those deductions are qualified for. (Well, no hospital donations and Red Cross are both accepted.)  ...This is a very good question!!!
Congress hasn't figured out a way to make blood donation deductions more valuable to billionaires than to poor people.
Marriage
PSY
Wouldn't surprise me if any of those #metoo chaps would find a way to get back into the spot lights again.
Bring back Brendan Fraser 2k18
I wanted to erase Taliban.  Mostly by shooting them in the fucking face.
Nothing weird happened to me in 2018 yet
Too early to ask. 
I saw a dead body on YouTube.
My ex once snap chatted me saying how I’m such a tease and that if imma tease him he’s gonna tease back, he meant to send it to my ex best friend 
I got a call from the number of the CEO at a company I was working at.   I answered,  and immediately there was a stranger saying, "Did you call so-and-so? "  I said no,  and they hung up.   Happened twice. 
Me: Hello?  Guy: Hey, you got the shit? Just tell me much I gotta pay you.  Me: I think you have the wrong number.  Guy: Fuck! Did he give me the wrong fucking number? Sorry man, my bad. God bless.
Being American and knowing that even with all our problems we still run the world and determine everything that happens.
Dogs would get their owner's face tattooed on their inner thigh, so they could admire it while they lick themselves.
 Steve Erwin.
It would just be some phrase written in Chinese or a tramp stamp above their tail or something
AK-47. 
The female guards ass
An all pineapple pizza
Kevin!  4th post down. https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/219w2o/whos_the_dumbest_person_youve_ever_met/
It's both...
It's both. Nine is a word we use to describe a set with a value of 9.
But I thought seven ate nine......
Queens owns all swans basically 
Not mine but Japan has extra vacation days for people who DONT smoke as an incentive to stop. Genius. 
Getting in shape is by far the easiest thing you can do to prepare.    For the military, know what you're getting into.  Everything is on the internet; use it.  I chose what is considered to be one of the worst jobs in the Air Force, but I **CHOSE** it because I knew everything about it and it is what I wanted.
LEO here. Get a police department to send you through the academy. Secured job, academy paid for, and paid throughout the academy. My most stressful mistake was not partaking in this.
Also agree with getting in shape before you arrive.  I cannot stress how easy it is do and how essential it will be during your training.  There are a plethora of free workouts available online (Google “Stew Smith free workouts”).  Most of his workout plans are tailored to the specific training course you plan on attending.  Do not be the guy/girl that has to have others pick up your slack/weight.  Be the opposite.  
round piece of bread with cheese and tomatoes
A dinosaur wrapped in a sticky substance that consists of flour, eggs, and breadcrumbs (maybe), cooked in boiling oil to a crisp.
We made it! Stop saying it's French!
Making a flat white
Peeling a potato.  Everyone says I'm supposed to peel away from my body;  I peel towards.  
Loading the dishwasher.
Because those shows are generally watched by lower class people and lower class people are more interested in those things than middle or high class people.  
if you are at home watching those shows then you have no job, or a criminal, or have cancer, or cant afford a car
Because that's the demographic who watch those types of shows. LOL.
If they're visiting Boston, don't confuse Roxbury with West Roxbury, it may cost you your life...
I wouldn't recommend visiting my city. You would probably get raped, murdered or at least beaten and get a lung cancer because of our beautiful, fresh air.
Don’t talk too loudly, especially to strangers, on the DC metro. Or any city’s public transportation. Let people ride in peace. 
Just answer the phone when you hear it ring...
1 ring, ha ha ha
1-2 
Princess Consuela Banana Hammock. 
I would change it to Hunter cause it sounds cool
Idris Elba, because Idris Elba is a don
I saw a man and woman carrying a Pizza Box from a Local Pizza Parlour.   I then saw them walk up to a Dominoes and try to open the door.   When they found it was locked, the man yelled "Oh Fuck they are closed!"  I have no idea why they needed another pizza, or why their desired Pizzas were from two different locations. 
I was waiting on the bus to work one day and I saw a man wearing shorts and a hoodie walking towards me. The side of the street we were on has a little trailer shop on the corner, and next to it is a lot for an alpha romeo dealership. The dealer is across the street along with other businesses.  It was real foggy that morning and it was like 5:20am. The bus usually comes at 5:25am. He and I were the only ones on the street. I was looking in his direction looking out for the bus, when I heard an old Camaro at the light, it revved it's engine as it took off behind me and I turned to look at it. I swear I turned for a second just to glance and when I turned back at the guy coming towards me was gone. He hadn't crossed the street and I could clearly see the lot on our side of the street. I even walked back to see between the aisles of cars. NOTHING. Guy vanished. The bus came shortly after that and I couldn't shake the feeling that I witnessed something I had no explanation for. 
UFOs in the desert lights moving fast all over the place refusing to obey the laws of physics then flying off at super speed. 
The Reposters. They'd probably have one of the biggest armies.
Idk, but assreddit would kill everyone with those questions about eating ass lol
Incel - faction has been destroyed. 
It’s all about balance and appropriate timing.  I generally prefer coworkers who will talk and have a decent conversation at appropriate times than one who will sit in absolute silence all the time - although I do respect that it’s personal choice so I’m not going to keep trying to force a conversation.  Let’s be honest we all hate those coworkers who want to talk all the time, constantly, or when you’re in the middle of really critical work/projects.
2 money
about tree fiddy 
Loads. There must have been plenty on the Titanic alone.
I recently sent an email at work that misspelled ‘global’ as ‘Blobal’. 
I dont think you’re question is fare.
Leaving out the word "not" when I meant to say "I'm not saying this is a bad idea" in an email to a co-worker. I intended to say I didn't think their idea was bad but give some reasons I didn't think it would work but ended up saying I did think their idea was bad and here are some reasons why.  I don't know if they ever noticed the typo and just didn't say anything but I only saw it after I was reading through the whole chain after a few replies.
Loneliness is crippling despite being married. Depression is like wasting me away. Fighting to want to be alive but need something to want to be here for!
No.   You can't.   But thanks.
Guilt eats me up 
That failure is okay. You need to learn from it. Failure does not mean you're stupid. Failure means you tried. Trying is better than doing nothing. Never be afraid to fail. 
That you can‘t be a dick to everyone, sometime you need someone
That she never really loved me.
That'll be the [list of unusual deaths](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_unusual_deaths)
Remain dead
 Taking the long sleep
oh doing skeleton things like lying there u know how it goes mate
Chardon High School in 2012
I think Newton, CT is the closest
Not mass shooting but Manchester arena suicide bomb was 10mins away from me
I never shut up. So many people at my workplace just deal with having to stay after their scheduled time anywhere from 1-3 hours on a good day, rather than trying to fight back or seek help.  I will never stop fighting for a better workplace, even if I leave the company I work for.
Treat people the way you want to be treated.
I was programming a cnc making prototype directional drilling tools, there were hundreds of thousands of lines of code generated, I made a decimal error editing a few of them, scrapped a 120k part. Luckily we made 2 of them in case of an error. Boss wasnt real happy, but in the end the customer was happy and ordered many more and ended up being a major customer of ours. It's a bad feeling though, you get a pit in your stomach upon realizing the mistake. 
drove a dump truck into a 20ft deep pit full of steel re-bar...jumped out at last second which most likely saved my life.  wasn't old enough to drive...was told to do so by older employee in position of responsibility...did what i was told...put it in 1st rather than reverse...looked over shoulder...took foot off gas...and went forwards rather than backwards..  rebar was destroyed...dump truck was a write off.  as i was underage i was just given 2 weeks off and told to keep quiet...they claimed on the insurance and said someone else was driving it.
My father retired from the railroad a few years ago. Long story short, he hit a UPS truck that slid into the crossing. There was a lawsuit but his union and stuff was all in place so he only got a week paid suspension. The bottom line is that the railroad has so many regulations in place that it’s impossible to have been doing “everything right” in the event of an incident (his words) but they also have so much insurance coverage that they never fix anything like old tie disposal or fixing tracks *before* a derailment.
Shane and friends 
[JRE - Joey Diaz](https://youtu.be/DGLF5yr7AuA)
Legion of Skanks. You won't be disappointed.
The people who don't know how to use the internet will be down to zero and the Internet scammers like scam email and pop-ups may need to find a new way to scam people who know almost everything about the Internet.
I'd say religion perhaps. It would certainly be for the better where I live (Northern Ireland).
Slowly but surely, current conservative nonsense, especially given the amount of hours young people put in vs the amount of purchasing power they recieve relative to previous generations.
Statistics. 
This was over 10 years ago but my Algebra 1 class where the teacher failed the whole class except for 2 girls that he always flirted with. I had to retake the class online (got an A the second time)  Another was a history class i took in college. The professor didnt care much about teaching and kept trying to fund the book he was writing. He also canceled class often. Wasn't terrible when he did decide to teach
Probably my college and career class. It didn't teach me anything of use, my questions were disregarded, and needless to say, the whole class hated me including the teacher
Avatar: The Last Airbender
X-men 
The amazing world of gumball
[deleted]
When he's a sperm donor and they've never met.
Never
wasnt something i actually posted online but it was facebook messenger. My nosy friend found out i had a crush on him when he read my conversation i was having with another friend. At first he was okay with it, still considering me his "little brother" (i was only a few days younger than him) but we eventually drifted apart and no longer talk at all
Someone (to this day I don’t know who) messaged my dad that they’d seen me talking about self-harming. He confronted me about it and I had to lie out of my ass to try and cover my back.
It depends on who said this to them.
The public
A naked man with like a 7 inch flaccid penis twirling it around like you do with a key chain. Police actually tackled him then he just laid back and let them arrest him. Makes me chuckle thinking about it
Masturbating in open places. Happens all the time in delhi
Hang up the phone I'm on the internet!
I was stationed in Korea with the US Army in 1997, and I had heard about the internet thing for a while.  There were 2 computers on Camp Casey that were set up for us to use.  There was a sign up sheet where we could get 30 minutes per day internet access.  Somebody was nice enough to show me to get on the Yahoo and search for things, and he helped me set up a hotmail account.  The speed was slow and glitchy, so my half hour was usually spent checking for emails and maybe looking at a web site or two.
Find out about YouTube for the first time as a kid. I still remember the first video I saw.
I’m not sure I’ve had any.. I didn’t think guys hinted. The more my domain!
One night, I was sitting with this guy that I wanted to hookup with and he went all quiet. I asked him what he was thinking about and he said "just ways that tonight can go". My dumb ass just went "oh"  Like a minute before, he was talking about how he had considered kissing me  I'm such a dumbass. I missed that. But it's ok cause I kissed him the next day.
Idk but an advice to people who want to name their children after a character  PLEASE, PLEASE WAIT UNTIL THE SHOW/BOOK SERIES/MOVIE SERIES IS OVER. I GUESS SOMEONE HAS NOW regretted naming their son Kylo.
It doesn't really impact me that much tbh. My movie (The Omen) is kind of old... So besides the immortality granted to me, I'm just like everyone else.
First name is Roscoe.  So many Dukes of Hazzard jokes. No god dammit, I do not own a basset hound named Flash. No I haven’t caught them Duke Boys, and no, I have no clue where Boss Hog is. 
Stop floundering in the dating pool and work on myself and my foundation more.
To finish my degree.   I had used the fact that I was “paper-less” as an excuse to not take risks or seek promotions. Once I made the decision to finally get it out of the way my life improved exponentially as I had no excuses or crutches left.   
Quit my job as a personal banker where I was making $35k a year to leave for an internship making $13 per hour.  Very stupid, but it paid off tremendously in the end.
We were in the same undergrad maths course. We sat down in Real Analysis and the lecturer asked if anyone knew how to prove that root 2 was irrational. I, being a massive nerd, had already read the recommended reading material during the summer and knew this was a pretty basic proof... but I didn't want to make myself look like a know-it-all on my first day so I kept quiet.  After a few seconds of quiet murmur, a girl in the second row puts her hand up and recites the proof meticulously and accurately. Well, colour me impressed, and she looked pretty cute too.  I started making friends and we were on our way off campus to grab lunch, and she happened to be asking where everyone was going and we all ended up lunching together.  As it so happens, she needed a lift to a train station everyday to get back home, and that was on my way back too, so I ended up giving her a lift.  A few months down the road she broke up with her then bf and we started dating. It technically wasn't cheating but I did feel guilty, but we fell in love and did everything together. On valentines day she wrote an incredibly sweet letter to me professing how much I meant to her.  Then nine months later, she ended up taking some dude into her room who was 'just sleeping on the floor'. He had fallen on hard times, was also part of our course and needed some help. I trusted her.  We mutually broke up because we knew we didn't have a future together which was fine, but then she told me she was dating the guy on her floor not a week later. That's when I got up and walked away mid-conversation, and the next two undergrad years were filled with awkward silences for my friends to endure. Fun times.  I now agree with the phrase, if she'll cheat on him with you, she'll cheat on you with someone else.  But... it was love. Young love, but it was definitely love.
we were in the same second grade class, and he had a massive 8-year-old crush on me. He wrote me a note professing his love for me and slipped it under my school box; another student noticed, gave the note to the teacher, which she proceeded to read out loud and mortified him. 2 years later, in 4th grade, his family moved across the country for his mom's job.   Fast forward 8 years (we were 16), he adds me on facebook and starts messaging me, asking me if I remember him. I had no recollection. He tells me all these stories about us when we were in second grade, and I was totally creeped out. I checked my yearbook, and he did exist, but it didn't jog my memory at all. We kept chatting, and he mentioned that his extended family still lived in my home state and he came up to visit frequently, suggesting that next time he was in town we should get together. We did just that, and from then on we were in a relationship. He lived 1,000 miles from me, we dated for 5.5 years at this distance. We flew to see one another about every 3 months all those years. I then moved closer to him when I went to graduate school, we moved in together a year later. Upon graduating with my Master's, we moved back to our home state (his family had recently moved back as well). Last fall we got engaged, and we were married this summer.   Oh, and about two years into our relationship my mom found the note in a scrapbook that he had written me in second grade, it was displayed at our wedding. 
Met when I was 18 he was 22. Both were servers. Had a fling on and off for 10 years. Never wanted anything more. We'd go 3-4 years without seeing each other or talking due to other relationships and going off to college. My golden birthday I was blitzed off Jameson shots and called him up for a booty call.   6 weeks later i find out I'm pregnant. He was back dating a random girl but wanted to be apart of our kids life. Fast forward to birth of our son we started spending more and more time together. Meeting extended families having outings together.   We fell in love and are expecting our 2nd son in march. He is the best boyfriend/man I have ever been with. Ass backwards way of finding the one but it happens when you truly don't expect it. 4 years together so far! 
Not me, but a friend of mine drives a truck. One day on the way hone from his regular route he's on the freeway and a guy comes out of his car on the side of the road and runs straight for my friends truck. There is a truck in the lane next to him so he cannot swerve out of the way and he barely has time to hit the brakes before "BAM!" The guy bounces off his grill and rolls fifty yards down the road a bloddy dead bag of bones.  My friend is in shock. He and all the freeway traffic stop, he runs out to see and the guy is dead. My friend waits for the police and ambulance.  The police arrive and start taking statements, my friend assumes his professional driving career is over. The ambulance gets there, and they tell my friend: "we know this guy, he tried to kill himself just like this a while ago."   Six months later I run I to him at our favorite watering hole. I ask how he is doing , he says he is six months sober.  "What do you mean? You are drinking a beer?" I ask.   "I haven't killed anyone with my truck in six months". He got over it.  
Third day in a row, this posting.
probably shoulda slapped a serious tag on this bad boy if you wanted some real stories
People who repost a question from 'hot' and slightly change it.
People who continuously complain about how their life sucks, how it's unfair, etc. but do nothing to try to improve it. 
People like Jake Paul. 
My SO and I move significant volume through facebook sales, and constantly run into no-shows (whether at a meetup or to pick up our items).  This was the case even before we used facebook - and used freecycle or craigslist instead.  Its so bad that my SO will review their profiles first to decide if they are "high risk" if there's demand and pass if she decides they fit the profile.  I've had *several* situations where I'm doing a drop off where the buyer insists they are 5-10m away, and continue to insist they are, till I leave 45m later.  Is it just trolling?  The rush of buying something without the consequence of paying? Procrastination? Lying about how soon you'll be there in the hopes it won't be sold to someone else?  We're seriously stumped.  We aren't Amazon, or Target, or insert_big_company_name_here.  Why mess with our day?  EDIT: Also stumped at the downvotes.
Gilbert Gottfried - 50 Shades of Grey
This already exists, but Samuel L. Jackson reading “Go the F*ck to Sleep”. If you haven’t heard of it, check it out. Pure GOLD!
Any book and Sir Sean Connery...I love that mans voice
Keep them dripping 
You can let faucet keep a slow but steady drip, insulate the exposed plumbing, or you can get plug in cord that generates a low amount of heat and wrap it around the exposed plumbing./
We always let the water drip overnight when I was a kid.
I was progressively allowed more freedom the older I got so it’s hard to pinpoint a specific time.
When Friday afternoon text messages went from 'Remember, drinking before 21 is illegal' to 'please don't drink and drive'
Mine would have to be my parents asking me to go buy them alcohol at the age of 18 with a Fake ID. Didn’t know they knew I had one but they told me that they didn’t care and if I got caught using it I have to deal with the penalty/fines on my own.
My mother told be about the "Greek Scan". I swear its a common thing. Where first you look at a person from face to shoe. Not once, but 2 times. Then you take a moment to learn there posture. Are they upright? Hunged? After that, you look into there eyes. Which way are they looking? Are they looking into your eyes? Are they paying attention? Is there attention shifting somewhere else?   This scan must take place upon meeting someone and take no more then five seconds. 
I think about whether Ive met them before and if I should know them or not.
Literally all of my insecurities. Also I used to be fat and I sometimes feel like people can see me like that so that creeps in too 
In don’t travel overseas but I change my sleep schedule somewhat regularly and I think the best is to set an alarm for the time you want to wake up and get up no matter what, if you feel too tired later on just take a nap (30-45 minutes) and try to stay awake until bedtime.   It’s annoying but it’s the fastest way of doing it.
No sleep the night before, take a nap in the airplane and then just go to sleep at night at my destination. Would not recommend to people who always need enough sleep. Works almost every time for me.
‘How you kissed me in the middle of saying something, there’s not a day I don’t miss those rude interruptions.’  Taylor Swift- Last kiss.  Yes I know I’m a sap for listening to this but I used to do this to the ex all the time and she continue her sentence when I stopped kissing her. 
When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some Reasons to be missed don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory Leave out all the rest (cause the dude actually dies)
I could probably think of something better but   >"If what they say is, nothing lasts forever  >Then what makes  >Then what makes  >Then what makes  >Then what makes  >Then what makes  >Then what makes  >Love the exception?  >So why-o, why-o, why-o, why-o, why-o are we so in denial when we know we're not happy heooooooooooo"
Marriage...  my parents split got remarried to each other and divorced again.  I swore I would never marry... i met my now wife when i was 19, by August we were living together and married in November.  That was 19 years ago.  I never looked at marriage as something to be in, only something that started and ended.  My wife and I got married by a justice of the peace, so we "skipped" the big moment.  We have been through so much together and this year will be the point when I've lived with her as long as I had lived without her.
I have changed my mind on marriage and monogamy. It used to be a black and white thing. Now I feel that divorce and infidelity can be acceptable solutions to people who painted themselves into a corner, back when they were young and stupidly idealistic. 
I now have an army of 4 terrabyte xbox external drives. Fear me?
I’m getting 10 million dollars of chicken wings. I’m fine with that. 
dog food.  I'm about to have 1 fat puppy  
U2
As much as I love them, Queen (specifically Freddie Mercury), and The Beatles.
The inclusion of Anthrax in the Big Four is a joke. 
Cheat on their bf With me
Neg me.  Apparently a friends co-worker was hitting on me all night. But it was hard for me to tell from be insulted repeatedly throughout the evening. But I guess that's "just how she flirts".  I thought this was only something that neck beards who read "The Game" thought worked in real life. Apparently it's a thing some women do too.
Find her way inside a dress that looks like a cross between a toga and a spider web.
[White Town - Your Woman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVL-zZnD3VU)
[Tears for Fears - Everybody Wants to Rule the World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugU6VJIPhqc)   [The Dead Milkmen - Punk Rock Girl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyaK3jo4Sl4)   [Wall of Voodoo - Mexican Radio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyCEexG9xjw)   [Violent Femmes - Kiss Off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__jh3S9DzYU)   [The Replacements - Bastards of Young](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bK-s16P1bl0)
Enjoy the Silence- Depeche Mode 
Reddit
None of them, they are all shit. 
Twatter.
Finding a hobby where I can make shit and at least sell it to pay for said hobby. Lately I've been dabbling in leatherworking. It kinda looks fun, too.
Fallout 4
Muscle-Mind Connection
My ex’s roommate walked in while we were both naked and she was blindfolded tied to a chair asking to suck my dick.   Actually it’s exactly what it looked like. 
Not to the Best of My recollection your honour
Let's just say that a snake that appears dead may not be. Picking it up is a great way to find out.
When my boyfriend’s family broke out in impromptu song and dance on New Year’s Eve while I just watched - kind of confused 
I took a very good MDMA...
Meeting my fiancée.
You don't tell them. I wish I could be the whiny bitch but I'm only capable of that when I'm anonymous online.
I hide my depression if im talking to someone even my case worker it seems.
I'm a loner
The dead body from Logan Paul's recent vlog in the suicide forest.
A giant douche AND a shit sandwich get sworn in as president.
BvS and Justice League
i finally cut out the people in my life who made me negative and found some new friends. 
I know it's difficult, but convincing yourself not to worry about things that you just can't change really frees up a lot of mental resources.
Cut the negative people out of my life, sucks at first, but they're usually not real friends anyways.    Also started reading a lot of books. PMA (Positive Mental Attitude) books, Leadership books, books on business, spiritual books.    Your brain is wired by what goes in and on around it. Fill it up with positive, surround yourself with positive.
Not sure if they have websites but try local pawnshaps...
I switched my job to a position with much more responsibility when I could have just stayed in the easy one and coasted all the same.  Decided to step out the rut and test myself. 
Threesome
Ever heard of a bidet? It's a lifesaver.
Depends, my morning dumps (Adderall induced) like 25 sheets , normal evening ones ? Like 15 sheets 
2 squares at a time until I'm done
I taught in a small school district where the middle and high school were connected but separate. I had heard there was this kid that was model student and very bright, we'll call him David.  One day this eigth grader comes walking up to me in the hallway. "Hello Mr. Iforgetredditpsswds, I'm David. I will be taking your class next year. I just wanted to introduce myself. "  Over the next two years I had him in Geometry and Algebra 2. He never missed a homework assignment, studied hard before each test(not that he needed to), and asked pertanant questions during class.   Always polite, and a helper, but not a kiss ass. He would also ask nonmath related questions, that were pertanant to all the students.  When I moved and left the school, we kept in contact for the next two years until he graduated. He then went to the Naval Academy. He is in his senior year there and keeps me updated on his progress and sometimes asks for advice. He is the only student I invited to my wedding.
I normally don't post about specific students (in the event they happen upon the comment and feel "outed," even if anonymously), but I don't think these students would mind, so...   I've had a lot of great students in the traditional sense. It's really not that difficult to be well-liked as a student, especially if you're amiable and show some interest. What has always blown me away, though, are the students who rise far beyond their circumstances and seem to defy fate. Unfortunately, one's home life is a huge (likely the largest) predictor of academic and overall success, meaning that a lot of students seem to never have a good chance in the first place, despite our best efforts in school. It's sad to see kids struggling with so many issues that ultimately aren't their fault, and on the flip-side, a lot of "great" students can be a little less impressive when you realize all the support and advantages they've had.   That said, I had two students early on who really proved themselves to be spectacular in spite of what life handed them, both academically and personally. The first was a guy who was, and still is, one of the most insightful and intelligent students I've had, despite being in a chaotic household with a crazy mother and not much in the way of resources. He also ended up being in all the extra-curricular activities I advised, so I came to appreciate him as a person as well. The other student was a girl whose parents didn't really care for her, was kicked out of her home because her father's girlfriend didn't like her, went to live with her grandpa who died shortly thereafter, and ended up couch surfing among friends' families for a good portion of high school. Despite this, she was dedicated to doing well and always putting her best foot forward. She was an absolute joy to work with and was an intensely talented poet who ended up winning our school-wide poetry slam. I sometimes cite her life situation, coupled with her academic success, as a way to motivate other students who are simply apathetic.   tl;dr: My favorite students are those who take the lemons that life hands them, and then throw them out and do well in school because they ain't got time to %^&* with metaphors.     
I was a teacher for 4th-8th grade at-risk students for a very short time. I wasn't trained culturally or technically to teach, but I did my best for the year.   Every few months I gave out a questionnaire asking students what their favorite subject was, least favorite, what they wanted to learn, what they wanted to be when they grew up, things like that.   Usually all the boys would answer that they wanted to be a football player/MMA star, and all the girls wanted to be singers/dancers. Every once in a while a girl wanted to be a nurse (apparently doctor was too far reaching for a 13 year old to dream).  Well, one month I collected the surveys and discovered a new favorite student. When she grew up, she wanted to be an obstetrician or bounty hunter. I hope she does both. I can't wait to see the TV show.  I probably still have her form somewhere, but [here's a picture.](https://imgur.com/a/p5VLR)   I also included a bonus, my "least favorite" collected response. Please let me know is you can make out anything he wrote. I'm convinced it's a real language, for example, I'm almost certain I can make out the word "math".
I promised to not let myself be taken advantage of. Then I proceeded to go back to my shitty job. Didn’t even realize I broke my resolution (technically due to how I feel about my job). I might put in my two weeks and force myself to find another job. I have enough money saved for bills to last me until March.. maybe I should quit..
What New Year's resolution?
I'll get started later in the month.
I want a mechanism like George Jetson had to get out of bed in the morning. Alarm goes off, dump me on a conveyor belt, brush my teeth, wash me, get me dressed and send me packing.  
talk to me and give hugs
Me
fuck u i was born on halloween
My brother was born the day before Halloween.  We try to focus on his birthday, rather than the wildness that is Halloween (it's meaningless anyway) but it still gets lost in the shuffle and business. 
My birthday is on Christmas day.  As a kid, my family always did Christmas stuff in the morning and birthday cake and presents in the evening. My parents kept it as separate as possible, which was pretty cool. It sucked never being able to have a birthday party on my actual birthday though. I'm 35 now, so my birthday just isn't as big a deal as it used to be. A lot of people forget it's even happening with all the Christmas stuff going on. I can't say I don't care at all, but I'm pretty used to it. 
Why do you want to do this? Does it give you pleasure to destroy that which someone has worked to build?
Honestly why stoop that low? Just don’t watch the persons videos and call it a good day...there’s no need to be petty
Don't watch their videos.
Everytime serious and/or terrible events are happening, i forget about my own insecurities and fears and act like a grown up.
r/WritingPrompts
r/nosleep, if you're into scary stuff. Otherwise, the responses to r/WritingPrompts.
R/ProRevenge
Eating, sleeping and procrastination. 
Being lazy af.
How to waste time on Reddit. 
My elementary school banned the use of mechanical pencil because someone used it to hurt another pupil.
(Edit: this won't make much sense if you're not a cricket fan...)  Cricket was banned. It was kind of my fault. I was a reasonably accurate wrist-spinner on my day, but on this occasion I was bowling absolute rubbish. We were playing against another school from the same area. I tried to bowl a sneaky little wrong'un but it unfortunately turned into a juicy half-tracker. The batsman's eyes lit up, he connected beautifully with it and sent it flying towards the square-leg boundary. Unfortunately it didn't get there because it hit the square-leg umpire - my headteacher - directly in the danglies. I got the blame for it, and from then on we had to spend every summer term playing fucking rounders.
no picking up snow 
Got drunk. Met a guy for the first time. Went to his place and fell asleep
Got absolutely shit faced tried to hit on an older married woman, probably gonna just stare at the ground next time I she her.The cringe has been replaying in my mind
Still the Same by Bob Seger was stuck in my head for weeks after watching Ozark 
Imagine dragons - dancing in the dark has been doing it  Before, Kendrick Lamar - King Kunta did a real goood job
Goddamn Ducktales, nuff said.
Toast. Although it'd make a good sandwich.
i cant think of anything that wouldnt go on toast 
We need /u/DO_U_EVN_SPAGHETTI stat
Take better care of your teeth and fuck a lot more.
I'll tell you in 40-60 years.
fuck nice i can start over again
I can't see my forehead
Got a doctor's appointment today to see if I have testicular cancer. I am both mad and scared shitless.
back to work..
I would say The Giver but not for any grand reason or mind changing story.  To me it is the best book I ever read because it is the book that got me hooked on reading.  The first time I really felt drawn to another world and discovered imagination. 
East of Eden
I’ve loved all of Michael Pollan’s books. 
I slept with a hooker who turned out to be an old class mate 
I farted at a hockey game and ended up getting backstage passes to a Village People concert because of it. 
I had a girl twerk at me. And I handled it pretty awkwardly
I strongly suggest: Mark Bittman’s How to Cook Everything  He now has additional versions (vegetarian etc.) It is great for accomplished as well novice cooks. Mark Bittman is the bomb!
Youtube.  Not only do you get the recipe, but you also get to see the dish prepared in live action, which often shows you subtleties and techniques that are just not possible to convey in print.  
Just started using Jamie's 15 minute meals. Think its been around a while but its pretty good
Marrying the father of my children solely because we had children together...needless to say the marriage didn’t work out
Allowing myself to start abusing stimulant drugs, getting dependent on them and developing an all consuming addiction.   If I had known that my creativity, ambition, motivation, concentration, ability to experience pleasure, and overall ability to function as a responsible, successful adult, then maybe I wouldn't have let it get so bad. I'll never be the same as I was before I started abusing the drugs, over 7 years ago.
Not focusing on a career 5 years ago.
Runescape back in the day. I remember playing that game on the lowest of settings for literally 15 hours a day back in school.
‘09. Fallout 3. I’d rather not talk about it. 
I was majorly addicted to eSports games. It started with Halo 3 and the Call of Duty series. I went to class (university), but spent very little time studying and doing homework. I started getting really good at the MLG playlist in Halo so I started playing competitively. Eventually MLG went over to Halo Reach (bleh) so I played that exclusively. Eventually that died on MLG as well so I moved to Starcraft 2. Idk why I decided to transition games, especially to one with such a high skill ceiling, but I made it to Masters in just under a year. That's really when things were out of control. I'd go to school and then sleep after class until night. I'd then stay up all night and play because the dorm's internet was way better when everyone was asleep. It was gross. I felt awful all the time and I synced my happiness with how well I was playing in the game. Super depressed all the time, eating terribly, and underperforming in school and socially. If I was playing poorly, or couldn't figure out a matchup, it'd break me. TvP was my worst matchup and once you hit diamond, it seemed like 90% of my matchups were against Protoss.   Anyway, I finally decided to quit playing competitive games for awhile and it completely changed everything. Over the next 2 years I graduated college practically with straight A's, started dating the woman who I married last year, and landed a successful developer job.   I love video games and think they're the absolute best medium for story telling and fantasy, but you cannot let it take over everything about you. After 5 years I'm finally getting back into playing games on a regular basis. My wife and I take turns playing the Nintendo Switch and it's been a fantastic experience. I still turn on twitch and watch competitive Sc2, Halo, Hearthstone, CS tournaments when they're on, but I won't touch competitive games anymore. 
Girls born in 2000
Money
Getting a guy
Dave Chappelle just jokes about the situation while vaping continuously.
Archer, but that show already has an episode like that :p
Eggsy and Harry from Kingsman just pull out something fancy from their tuxedos to free themselves somehow like badasses.
Adderall 
Put my phone in a different room. I’m usually lazy enough to procrastinate getting my phone. 
I work from home as an IT. It's difficult staying on top of yourself. My "life hack" that actually keeps me productive: > I take 10 - 15  min breaks every hour Since I've done this, my work load has tripled, my boss is very happy with me, and I've even gotten a raise.  * Disclaimer: my boss doesn't know I take hourly breaks.
Our clothing/style reflects what "tribe" we're from. There are lots of subcultures in the U.S. (for example), and each area has its own style (even if said style is _not_ "stylish"). In the south, hunting, mudding, manual labor, and other activities are common... and so they wear camo and clothing that is conducive to that lifestyle. To extrapolate from there, those living in that area also tend to share a collective opinion and values. People in the south are notoriously more conservative, and so there's a "dress code" we've associated with the south/conservatism.   This applies to other groups as well. Obviously, these are generalizations, but that's what we're talking about. We can _generally_ identify someone's views based on the dress code they either adopt or were born into. Even when we're young/in high school, we begin dressing like and identifying with the people whose views we most resonate. Each "culture" has its own look and accompanying worldview.
Confirmation bias
We give bonuses everyday 
We’ll come in the back door
We give your children space, not Spacey   ed: kindergarten teacher
It should be legal, safe, regulated. It's going to happen no matter what - criminalising it doesn't prevent that. Better to ensure that it's being done safely.
Selling sex for money shouldn't be a crime, but trafficking, pimping, grooming, etc. should carry heavy penalties. 
It's a business doing pleasure with you.
When someone pulls the "Ive been cheated on" card way too early.
Snort laugh   I hate it so much!
I always say Hi back, but part of the reason I hate going shopping is being bugged by employees. If I need something I will come to you.
I don't see shopping as a social experience. I'm not looking for people to make me welcome, make me a 'guest'. I'm a customer. I'm looking to buy something.  I've had too many experiences where responding to a greeting results in clingy sales people who can't stop trying to tell me what to do and where to go and oh, look at this special, etc. Please just let me shop.
Do you work at Best Buy? Because in that case it's because I lost my voice after telling the first seventeen of you that I was  _fine_ , that I wanted to _just browse_ , and that, no, I DID NOT WANT ANY HELP! And despite the fact that you all have the handy dandy little communicators, none of you seems to think it's germane to announce to all of the employees "give the grumpy asshole a bubble".
I live in a big city, I wouldn't even recognized someone ive matched with IRL if I walked next to them.   I do however recognize when women go on multiple apps, and when they come back after a few months of being gone and say "just got out of a relationship"  I just wanna message them and say "listen we both can probably do better, but it might be a while. Lets just settle"
I work for a minor league baseball team and see some of the players on apps sometimes.  Also had a new coworker that looked familiar, logged into Badoo and realized he had messaged me a few times before that.
The bit at the end where they all dance to a song. 
No actual danger. That's why I liked The Incredibles, the bad guys were actually out to kill the good guys.
The film killing off a parent. My kids are gonna grow up thinking that cool shit only happens to them once one if us are bumped off........
U gotta go “pew pew”
Joe Biden seems like the kinda guy to have a good amount of insight for you.
Finger blasting?  I knew a guy in school who lost a finger when the pipe bomb he was putting together exploded.
Have you ever seen a rice in a mousefield? 
This happened literally a minute ago at work:  As I was walking outside the receptionist and the pregnant lady at the office were gossiping away as usual.  When I walked past they were on about first aid training and asked me if I was first aid trained. I looked at the pregnant lady and said no, but if you’re about to give birth I’m CRB checked so can hold your baby.  More embarrassing maybe than dumb, but still. 
This one guy I know didn't know the months of the year. We were in a language class and he asked me what was after April and I thought he was asking what May was in the language we were learning, but it turned out he didn't know what May was in English. That's when I knew he would make it far in life...
Scout Finch.
Cimorene
I really liked Lilo in Lilo and Stitch. I’m not sure if you could say she is THE main character though. 
so there I was being spit roasted at my fraternity initiation...
Since I was 4.
Bisexual here, but I never really did notice. Maybe being Bi made it easier, but even though I knew I was different I never had the sudden realization.  My gay older brother on the other hand is still accepting it and hes 26.
For me, it's one with trust in everything the other person says to you, without questioning it. If they say they're going to meet a friend from College, that's exactly what they're doing.   When they say they love you, you don't wonder if it's true, you just say it back and know that they do.  Not spending too much time together, but not spending 'not-enough'.  Knowing that no matter what happens, that person is there for you, even in your darkest times, that person is your rock, and you can always turn to them if things get too bad.  To me that's is healthy love and stable truth.   It feels like no-one can ever get in your way, and if they do, you and your partner can push them out of the way with ease and carry on with life, no matter the situation.. Like they'll always be by your side.
it feels like happiness, I guess. Simple as that
Low effort but that doesnt mean you aren't doing anything for each other just that you doknt feel pressure
Everything is fine.
i believe in Karma, like if you do something bad to someone, something bad will also happen to you, and if you do good to others you can expect something good to happen to you too. Even though sometimes doing good ends up putting you in bad situation
I don’t believe in Creationism and even if [they make stupid institutions ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institute_for_Creation_Research), I am not changing my mind.
Nothing as I have no idea who or what that even is.
the province?  It's in ~~Southern~~ China, its local cuisine is spicy.  wow that's really all I know about it  wow it's not even in southern china f me
It's a province in China. Somewhere in the south I think.
Whatever the other person really likes. Say they're into a tv show, I like talking about that. Maybe they're super into this one band, I'm into it. A certain video game? Let's go! As long as the other person likes talking about it, I'm pretty much in for it as well... but if I had to pick I'd talk about nothing but Northernlion and BTS all day long.
A video game i really enjoy
I could talk someone's ear off about airplanes and pilot stories. I really like conceptual physics revolving around aircraft design and aerodynamics too, so NASA if you are reading this give me a call please
We met in 3rd grade.
My wife and I met playing women’s Semi-Pro football. We met in 2001 and have been together since 2003.  We both share a love of sports. 
Met a long time ago when we worked together at a Woolworth store.  She quit and called me one day.  1st date was a carnival. Been together ever since. 25 years.  Should have never answered the phone......  j/k
That digitally zooming on a video after it's been shot is an awful idea.  "Can you zoom in on scene four please, it's a little far away."  Well you should have planned your shots better, because digitally zooming it is going kill the quality, stick out like a sore thumb and reflect poorly on *my* editing abilities.
Magnets
The reason my job looks easy and it looks like I do nothing all day isn't because my job is actually easy, it's just easy for *me* to do because I've been doing it for 15 years.  I'm incredibly efficient at it, and I don't need to waste countless hours trying to figure out solutions to problems that are incredibly simple for me to solve.    It took me a solid 10 years to get to this stage, so "training" a backup isn't as easy as just explaining what to do if this or that happens.  Some things still haven't happened in the 15 years I've been here, but at this point I can literally figure anything out that's related to my job within an hour, which is why they pay me what they pay me.  I'm basically an on-site insurance policy against the unexpected.     At first I thought that was a cocky attitude, but the fact that I can't take a 2-day vacation without someone calling me to ask how to do/fix something shows how good I am at my job.  Something that's a simple phone call/email to the right person creates a panic across the office when I'm away.  As soon as people know I'm going away they start making plans to put off parts of *their* jobs for when I get back.     TL;DR - Extensive experience in any field, along with a dedication to the job and a strong work work ethic mislead a lot of people into thinking some jobs are easier than they really are.  This applies to everything from retail and service industry all the way up to NASA and nerosurgery.   
That medical marijuana card 
*Surviving*. I'm *surviving* with depression. 
Constantly putting myself down and humbling myself. It's a nice trait to have in a person, but what they don't know it's because I geniunely do not think I deserve all that praise. Or if I'm being scolded/humiliated, that I deserve every bad thing that happened to me.
Making memes to mask it.  To be fair though, making fun of depression helps me cope with it. Usually making fun of something makes it seems less serious to me.
Had toilet trouble after Mexican food
In my late 30s and have never had antibiotics.
I'm 30 , and have never ridden any form of public transportation. Bus, taxi, train, etc, not even for a school field trip. A parents love. 
Little bit early, don’t you think? ;)
Eat ass and chew bubble gum and I'm all out of ass.
Do nothing like what I always do every Christmas.
This probably pertains more to American Football but the excessive celebration.  If its once in awhile thats fine (i.e. a touchdown) but its literally every single play. You ll see like 5 or 6 guys dancing for making a block. Its my favorite sport but i have never seen any sort of showboating at this level from any other sport
I was once hanging out with a mega football fan, cool guy at first, real chill. He was *SUPER* into fantasy football, had a chart on his wall, multiple drafts printed off. He loved it.  We ended the night after he spent 25 minutes berating someone for spending some of their weekends playing D&D, "Do something else with your time", "It's not real", "It's only for nerds" etc etc. Totally failing to see the irony and he ended up making the poor girl cry, we called him a dick and left.
when people describe the acheivements of their preferred team by saying 'we won' 'we lost' etc as if they contributed to the game.   No Barry - You sat in a pub and watched the footie while drinking your dole money. 
We actually did get the advice we needed before we got married, it just took awhile to sink in.  To paraphrase:  Love is not all you need.  Love will not overcome everything and magically fix all your problems.  Maintaining a healthy relationship takes more than love.  It takes time and effort.  It's a learned skill like everything else and you get better at it with practice.  Go into your marriage with the attitude that being married isn't something just are, it's something you *do*, and your chances of being happy go up.
After going through 2 divorces via my father I'd definitely recommend a preen up. It doesn't need to be a nasty thing but more so that you both leave the relationship without trying to make the others life complete trash. And hopefully part as friends.
Look at it like a videogame: you're moving from a single-player to multiplayer, your decisions will affect somebody else now, the way you play will have an impact on the team now, communicate about everything, develop your plans together, stay coordinated, make sure you stay with sufficient health/mana but never forget about your team member stats, take decisions based on both of you and specially: have fun. And avoid friendly fire.... lol
*Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha*  :'(
I got into college. Woo hoo.
I had this wingback chair upholstery project. It took about 100 hours when you include the research and first aid, but I finished that goddamned thing and it looks amazing! I'll do an imgur DIY of the thing at some point.
"Let's keep it that way."
“That was last week”
“Why the fck my peepee hard?!!”
Somewhere above penguins and somewhere below rhinoceros.
If there are no weapons allowed, I would be disqualified. I have four deadly weapons and their names are BASHER, THRASHER, CRASHER and, FIREBALL!
No weapons allowed? Damn... we’d still be pretty high if we could run / tire out our opponent.   Giant sea creatures would be above us (sharks, whales, sea lions), most giant land animals would be too. Elephants, Rhinos, buffalo, cattle.   We could beat most medium sized creatures except perhaps the honeybadger. A single wolf would probably be doable.   Insects and small creatures we could beat. Rodents / birds we’d win.   Wildcard would be anything that’s venomous/poisonous.   I’d say we’d have a good chance of being around the top 100.
Asparagus -> Smelly piss-sticks
Not really a food..but I'd rename cilantro to soapscum. Maybe just sopscum to avoid confusion. 
Edameme -> soybeans
Nothing different, people here eat insects
*"Waiter, there are no flies in my soup -_-"*
Crunchier
I've never owned a smartphone. I owned a cellphone from about 13-15 but I didn't use it much.
Kiss another human   /s
I have never taken public transportation.
Why are you guys so cash based? Here in Canada, I literally make about 10 cash transactions a year. Every time I travel around Europe, it's always Germany where I find that I really need to carry physical cash everywhere. I am curious. 
How cheap are the brothels, and are the babes fine as fuck?
What happened between 1932 and 1945?
how i like my women, without a penis
I use an old school perk and dash Salt in it. 
Black like my soul and bitter like my thoughts. And sugar is for the weak.
The latest reddit app for android.
It seems like Apple ruins everything every time they update. I haven't updated my work mac because it broke all the local dev environments of my coworker's computer. Took him a few days to get everything working again.
iPhone 
Line cooks and chefs
Parents of children with learning disabilities so severe that they’ll never be (fully) independent. They have to sacrifice so much for their kids
People with school loans/debt.
pretend to not know what you're doing. 
You should watch GingerGM on YouTube. He provides a lot of useful information on chess, as well as several step-by-step opening tutorials.
Move a pawn. Or a knight.
Honestly, I don't even know what that means.
Probably painful unless you have some armour on your jousting rod
With or without armor?
That i really like video games ,
That I always listen to the same couple songs and rarely try anything new
That i have it set to show no history
Do not laugh at me when I say this, get your hands on some old Richard Simmons videos or whatever media format you need. But he will start you out and work you up and then work you out!
Tap Out program is great for building stamina and core muscles using only your body weight. You should be able to find a torrent easily. Did the program back in 2013 and gained 7kg of muscle and lowered my fat to 8,5%
Tae Bo
AOL "you've got mail" and the dial-up sound
I was probably 7, and I walked up behind my mother on her ancient desktop. She didn't know I was there, and there was a picture of Horton Hears A Who by Dr. Seuss, but it said Horny Hears A Whore instead. I asked her what a whore was, and she flipped out and shouted at me for looking at her computer screen. My mom memed before memes were cool.  Also, my other very first memories of the internet was my mom and step dad playing ULTIMA ONLINE. My mom had a pet pig named bacon, then she killed it one day without realizing my 7 year old self was there. I cried. Whenever they'd leave their computers, the other would run to their computer, teleport them to the bank, strip them naked, and type something embarrassing into the chat. It was always fun to watch them play.
habbo hotel   EDIT: - when it was new and good 
By continuing to not watch their content, following their social media or reading news about them.
I don't even know who they are. So I probably wouldn't notice their departure.
I wouldn't want them to disappear.  But I would like to see their fans wake up and stop supporting these two dickheads.  Especially now that Logan Paul is using dead bodies for views.
1kg of cocaine 
OP's MOM and Sister and got a threesome out of it  **Disclaimer it didnt happen**  seriously though didnt get anything and wished i could turn off that annoying secret santa thing but it was to no avil . 
That the United States government has been hiding the fact it's communicating with alien intelligences from other planets.   Either that, or that the world is hollow, full of lizard people, and they are secretly running the whole world.
that trump did nothing with russian collusion and the FBI falsely accused the potus of collusion when in fact they are the ones who attempted to rig the election.
911
Firefly.
The Fresh Prince 
You're the Worst
I just want you to know, no one likes you, we just all put up with you
Look behind you, a three headed monkey!
The term "Fake news"
A picture of her college roommate and me smiling, holding up her hand w/ the engagement ring I gave her not too long ago.  background: ex texted fiance in a blinding rage, going on about the rules of "sisterhood" and whatever. we felt it was appropriate to just send the picture back before blocking her. and for further background: 1. fiance and i started dating four years after ex and i had broken up, and 2. ex didn't bother to maintain contact with fiance in the five years since they graduated from college.
I told her I wanted to pound her in her tight qunt, she said “sorry I’m saving myself for marriage” and that was the end of it.
"Negative Freezing, lol"  We were literally texting about the weather. We see each other every day, and talk more than once a day.  We have 3 kids together, we live a mile apart, and he babysits my youngest (that is not his, he's mine and my husband's) until I get off work.
How did the Egyptians make the pyramids? 
This one isn't so profound as the pyramids I guess, but I'd really like to know what happened to Eliza Lam, her case is particularly haunting 
What, exactly, caused the *Edmund Fitzgerald* to sink.
I.don't know how to describe. Want a picture?
Flat as a board.
large A-cups.  Not quite big enough for Bs though.  
Reposts
Biased Mods
It’s publishers(Activision) AND developers(Bungie).  r/DestinyTheGame has a riot on their hands. There is not a single thing Bungie can say to fix it. Not even removing Eververse, the supposed root of evil.
A working tv. All I had was a moped to haul it with. IIRC it was a 42".  I actually saw a picture of myself hauling it on eBaum's a couple years ago.
I live in PA.  When i was young i was riding bike when i turned into an alley, and saw an ostrich.
When I was very young, I used to play Minecraft very often. There's a popular legend called "Herobrine" which is an evil entity that haunts your game and in a nutshell screws it up. My sister and I encountered him for *years* even though he's proven to be fake. I've had multiple lengthy arguments with the people on the Minecraft subreddit ages ago, but I know what I saw. 
When I was around 6yo I saw a mountain lion about 100 meters away in Boise, ID near the foot hills by our house. My parents never believed me until around 30 years later when an article came out in the paper about mountain lions coming down into the city during winter.
Being the only person in a movie theater
Everything if it involves laying in bed
Gaming
Probably fap, or draw a face on a soccer ball and become friends.
Fish 
Drown myself.
Five years - Jan 2, 2013. I would've been working at my first software development job... I DEFINITELY would finish writing my goddamn novel. I had SO much free time and nobody cared what the fuck I was doing as long as the work got done.   Beyond that, maybe headed off some of the more expensive repairs to the house? We got hit by a LOT of stuff all at once, and it probably could've been avoided if I'd known the signs.
How lowly I thought of myself, in regards to how worthy I was as a person. Especially with dating and such.
I’d kill myself.
I'm a devout Christian (and an evangelical minister). I believe in God first because I know the universe has a beginning, and some unseen creative force must have served as a catalyst for that beginning. The universe we see has well defined laws and properties. There is too much order in it, including the complexity of life, for it to have all come about by chance, even given its 14 billion year history.  I believe in God secondly because the powerful evidence we have of the life and deeds of Jesus of Nazareth, who claimed to be God in the flesh.
Don't believe in any one religion but I feel like the odds are greater that multiple gods exist then just one singular god.
why must you question other people's beliefs. Let them do them and you do you. 
Life's absurd.
Procrastination, lots and lots of procrastination
2017 - It Can ALWAYS Get Worse
My alarm clock tends to mesh with my dreams sometimes becoming a siren or some other form of loud repetitive sound in my dream until I wake up and realize it's time for work :(
My wife talks in her sleep, and sometimes she sits up and starts speaking to "something" in the corner of our bedroom etc. So I wake up in the middle of the night be her talking to something, and all I catch is "titta inte under sängen" (swedish, meaning; don't look under the bed). So ofc I don't do that! But then I fall asleep and dream about something being under our bed, I ofc look and something comes screaming at me, twisting my neck and killing me, I instantly wake up, wife facing me in her sleep, with a smirk on her face...did not sleep more that night.
Every single time I wake up right when its getting good.
Poke the Box - Seth Godin  Just work stuff
The power of habit because I firmly believe that habits and routines are a strong base of success and overly they help to avoid the common situation of not having your shit together.  Also recently read The subtle Art of not giving a fuck by Mark Manson, and Dale Carnegie's How to win friends and influence people , which i would recommend to everyone. 
Anne Franks diary. Read a thread talking about it recently and I feel like I have a 10 year olds understanding of how brutal WW2 was.
For me it has to be Shutdown, Skepta. I'm not even a grime fan, but something about the confidence makes me feel better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9zxQsUeFLc
Cudi Zone by kid cudi Waves by Kanye West 
I thought laser disk was cool
I had a fairly high-tech for the time PDA in high-school.  It eventually died out and was replaced by tablets, but it was still cool to have.
Two chicks at once. 
a smart watch... Yeah it's nifty... and yeah it makes me look good... but it was 300 I didn't have in my pocket.... shouldn't have bought it.
Lottery tickets
We masturbated in the back rooms
By some unknown force Im brought back to life as a spirit of vengeance. Never to rest until the deed is done
Just watch "The Crow" with Brandon Lee. Ultimate revenge film.
Have the person hogtied then toss the person out cargo bay of a C-130 at the highest altitude it can fly. 
Gunther, clearly. Because he has his shit together. 
It seemed like Chandler was the only one who really had their shit together. Him or Pheobe. She was kinda nuts but she seemed to have a better handle on her life then the others did.
Rachel... Good looking people succeed in any time 
r/yourmum
/r/gentlemanboners
North Korea 
England, if money (and grades!) isn't too much of a problem. Oxford or Cambridge.  Or, the USA. Even non-Americans have Ivy League dreams, too.
Germany, France or Italy, some place with historic roots just because i'm a WW2 history buff and would want to do alot of exploring or going to museums! Bonus points for Italy because food!
Ugh. Low-quality bendy straws. Like 50% of the damn things fail when you bend them! 
Poked my eye with it
My obligatory straw story: When I was 16, I got a couple frappes w/ my gf and was holding it in my hand when I climbed into my car. Somehow, when I sat down, my elbow hit my center console, causing my arm to go up and my hard, plastic frappe straw to jam *straight up my nose.* I swear it must have touched my brain. I pulled it out, and was immediately drenched in red as warm blood *gushed* out of my nostril and coated my clothes. I looked like a gunshot victim. 
"Cojer" in spanish from Spain means "to grab" or "to take".  "cojer" in spanish from South America means "to fuck".
Fuck 
For example, in Finnish we have the word "kurkku" that can mean either a cucumber or a throat. 
Humans find it easier to do horrible things to each other when they can classify another human as "other than" themselves. Races have been used to call people sub-human and justify the atrocities done to them. 
At less for the US, Jim Crow politicain pushed the idea that Whites were superior to blacks. They did this so poor whites would be okay with their socio-economical  position that was actual equal to or lower than former slaves.   This was also the upper classes could still exploite cheap white and black Share croppers. 
Here's my amateur hypothesis.  Humans work better in groups, but only to a point. When the group gets too large, you wind up having lots of people that don't necessarily have the same goals or values, and experience diminishing returns, in-group strife, competing interests, and discontent at a higher frequency.  As a micro example, imagine that you've got a group of 5 people that you know pretty well/grew up with. They've got similar opinions and preferences. You and those 5 people have to decide where you're going to order out lunch from with the stipulation that it's a unanimous decision. Chances are, it isn't too hard to reach a consensus there.  Now imagine trying to do the same thing with 5000 people from all over the place. Getting a unanimous decision might be impossible, and even if you agree to just decide by majority vote, you might fail at that as well. It's going to take a lot longer, and large portions are probably going to be unhappy with the decision.   But, imagine now that you can split that group in to subgroups that make their own autonomous decision about where to eat. Like, say that vegetarians and vegans now get their own group. People who only eat kosher get their own group. That kind of thing. Chances are these smaller groups with shared values will come to a faster, more harmonious decision. 
Coffee black always.
I prefer coffee. I take mine through the mouth.
I prefer tea. I like it hot and spiced. 
A name? None other than what you wrote afaik.
Keemstar, Logan Paul, Pewdiepie. Paul is just an idiot and I don't find Pewdiepie or Keemstar's use of racial slurs funny. 
People who look for kiddie porn
Chris Chan and DarkSydePhil   I’d say what they did but we’d be here for years.
Weed
Sportsball on the TV. 
Soccer. It's huge here, and i personally find it to be *incredibly* boring. Oh well.
I work at a web development agency and it was this day when me and a couple of friends from work artived early to work and the single electronic-door inside was somehow defused from power and jammed. Due the security system no key was even allowed to open it only finger-print access. So we called the manager and then the boss and he told me to climb up to 5 meter high window from outside and crash inside and open the door from inside by reactivating the door as the technical team will be too late to come and we have work to do.  We found a ladder but it fell too short so we fixed the ladder by hand on a desk and I climbed up cause the other guys were too afraid to take the risk of falling down.   [Me and work buddies breaking in our workplace](https://imgur.com/a/3L34P)   Edit: After posting I realized the title says personal assistants of reddit. If this is in the wrong place please take the action you see fit @mods of this subreddit.
I hate most people. Why should coworkers be any different?
I don't hate an old man and respect him until he said "I don't need your new year greetings!"
I don't really hate any of them but find one guy almost painfully cynical and difficult to talk to for that reason, and another painfully pedantic.
So they can barge in to the conversation that had nothing to do with them and use their moderation privilege as an excuse.
A gun to kill myself sooner because all I had was $5,000 saved up.
1,000 Stevi B’s buffets.
Book a flight to New Zealand and explore that beautiful country before I bite the dust. I 
Not be on Reddit
Marry a Korean
I would eat grass and get a nice NK haircut
181
5' 10"  Did I win?
I'm 6'2 
Establish control of dinner times early. You eat something first, then the dog has to stay sat and waiting while their food is put down, and wait until you release them. Maintaining control of the food helps to reinforce the social structure.
Start as you mean to go on. They're all adorable and tiny now, but they're going to get bigger and harder to control, so establish rules now and stick to them. It might be OK having a tiny pup on the settee, but you don't want a fully grown dog there, so don't let them on there at all. If you don't want them to beg for food when you're eating when they're older, don't feed them scraps as a puppy. 
Don’t share your food with them. If you want to give them any dog friendly table scraps put them in puppy’s food bowl. 
It's been probably close to 10 years ago I got a message on FB and there were no words just pictures of a man's arm and he had a soldering gun and was burning designs and words into his arm. No face was shown just his left arm and his right forearm and hand holding the soldering gun.  I didn't block him or anything bc really I assumed he meant it for someone else. I have a lot of friends around the world in the art realm and some do get very strange and creepy at times.  Then about 3 days later he messaged again and this time he had a scalpel. His arm was still scarred from the soldering gun but this time he was cutting himself around the designs and writing he had burned into his arm in the pics I received a few days earlier.  I blocked his account that time though. I didn't want to see any further. It was obvious it was a fake name on the account and it had no pics of his face on his page. Still though a lot of my irl friends use stage names and often change them depending on what art or music project they are working on so the account alone wasn't a red flag.  The pics sure were though. Now I would have never accepted his FR but back then I was more open to accepting random requests. Learned my lesson...
I got a message saying “hey arcofruinn hope your fine we have some busyness to discuss” but with weird capitalization like a bad Creepypasta.
My grandfather passed away a couple weeks ago. My grandfather was an active and well liked man locally so the many flower arrangements made for quite the sight. Apparently my uncle felt that the moment needed to be remembered and snapped a quick picture with his cell phone, flash and everything. I'm not sure if this is normal or not, but it seemed really fucking weird to me. 
I wasn't there, but my wife was.  Let me start by saying that yes, I am an ass, and yes, I have a fucked up sense of humor... but holy shit it was funny as hell.  Start by a child (4? 5? I forget...) dying by drowning in a swimming pool... full of people.  Continue by it being the third child this family has lost since we've known them.  Take those two facts however you will.    So the time of the funeral comes and my wife says she is going to go.  I snicker and tell her to enjoy her time at the "Dead Baby Party!"  Even put that in as the event on our digital planners.  Dead Baby Party.  I crack myself up...  She gets there and sends me a text "HOLY SHIT IT IS TOTALLY A DEAD BABY PARTY!!"  There's colorful streamers, balloons, wrapped presents AND A FUCKING CAKE at this little girl's funeral!  I'm not even there and I'm fucking cracking up and sending her jokes like "So who's going to open the gifts and put them in the coffin with the kid?  The fucking mortician?"  Then comes the best part...  she texts me again "OMG!  OMG!!!!  OH NO!!  They rolled out the casket and put it next to the table full of gifts RIGHT BEHIND ME!"  She was sitting in the back of the building that they were doing this in...   I have added "Dead Baby Party" to the planner on the same day for the next five years so we can celebrate this awesome day.
It was my great aunt..  she passed and the funeral was held at a church none of the family had been to before, normal church and everything; catholic.  But the priest who held the service was a nut job! He went into a 2 hr long rant about the most random and strange shit for a funeral and I’ll give you some quotes that stuck in my memory: “You’re all sinners, *aunts name* was a sinner” “When I first started here, I hated my parish” “We’re all full of sin”  There were more and more and lots of random stuff about his life and all the while he was walking around the altar area and even starting slamming his hand down on the coffin to emphasise whatever shite he was talking about a few times in a row lots of times... It was so disturbing I felt like I was in a cult and like we were being ‘recruited’ for a really seedy cult and there were only two things I recall him saying about the service being for a funeral for a grieving family and about my aunt throughout the whole 2 hrs and 30 mins  He just seemed like he got a power high or felt like he was god, because he was preaching to a really full church.. like he got lost in the thought of us all looking up to him in our ‘time of need’, I can’t even explain it.. I’m not even religious but it all just felt so wrong.   
You don't curb them. You just power through them like an adult. It's okay to tell yourself no.  Source: used to be a smoker, quit cold turkey. Never went back.
Having a smoke.
I stopped smoking 'real'cigs for two months now, started vaping and this helped me alot.  I'm now making my own juices, without nicotine. And this helped me alot, because I didn't want to quit all that bad, I just love my moment outside and vaping is a nice alternative. 
Under a lot of stress and sadness with both grandmas, and my grandfather having cancer. And abuse in my family. I found a stash of pain killers and started taking them after I looked them up. That was when I was 11, and it got to the point that I would do anything and everything for my pills or my fix. I’m sober now with 83 days under my belt. 
It starts with hand sani then it moves on to meth
I was depressed and I had no idea why and thought I had no place to be. So I thought it would legitimise my feelings. This is in hindsight
There a few applications online that allow you to use fake money to buy stocks at market value and track your gains and losses as if you actually bot the stock. Kind of a risk free way to learn how stocks work, it's not a game but I make it into one because it's fun watching money grow or shrink. If they made this for virtual currency I think it would be neat.
A 3D port of Galaga.
A pirate game.  Nothing too complex, just build a ship, attack other ships, and loot its resources, buy upgrades for your equipment and for your ship.  Story is just about being the best pirate.
A copy of Turtles All the Way Down by John Green.  I don't even have time to read it. It's been sitting on my shelf staring at me.
A horror movie named, The Lawnmower Man, with a name like that it had to be hilariously bad so I purchased it as a gag/white elephant gift for a Christmas party 
I almost bought a lot of things but I'm glad I now have the control not to :) saving for college is more important! 
Abandonment 
Failure to be “successful”
Same fears of 2017
When I have a bad feeling about someone. That initial gut feeling is almost never wrong.
When my ex wife was having an affair. It was weird as there was zero evidence and nothing unusual happening. Absolutely no reason to believe any was untoward. Just had a crazy gut feeling. She fess'ed up soon after and destroyed my life. Nice cheery new year story for ya 
My fight or flight instincts always makes me fucking freeze but it has saved me
Justice league
Last Jedi is either a masterpiece or a big disappointment depending on who you speak to. 
The mummy with Tom cruise. I knew full well going in to it that it was an unnecessary reboot and had literally zero expectations of anything good. Despite expecting celluloid turd, I got something much much much worse. 
Eggs are great, especially if you mix in veggies to make an omelet. 
Porridge or anything else with slow releasing carbs
Eggs and a protein shake. It’ll wake you up and give you good energy 
Product owner.    I know I few company's using this title and every one of those companies has his own definition, completely different than the other companies.
Assistant to the assistant of the regional manager
Utility technician. Literally stand around with a shovel all day long. Why not just say labor/helper?
Because I know I could be better. I know I could be, if I had the self-discipline to give up just one or two of my bad habits.   Because I fear that I'm not a good husband or father, despite working so hard for my family.   Because sometimes I feel like I'm just not good enough.
Because I'm a semi-intelligent person who makes the absolute worst decisions possible
Why wouldn't I? I'm a stupid, useless, lazy, pathetic sack of shit. I have zero redeeming qualities.
Old horny men
Me
[Well..] (https://frinkiac.com/video/S04E09/zCZZaMIZIuu12JGc4Wvj0kcg-Ng=.gif)
I'm willing to eat people
A few years at least
with or without a microwave?
Strike anywhere matches exist 
Strike anywhere matches used to be a lot more popular. You can still get them, but they're less common and more expensive than regular ones.
There are specific matches that have a tip that can allow them to acquire enough heat from friction to light the match
By not having an acrimonious break-up and both coming to the realisation that whilst we both loved each other, we were heading in different directions. So there were no hard feelings 
It all has to do with the depth of the relationship and how you end it. I dated a girl for a while and we liked each other but didn't take it too seriously when we ended it it was very mutual, we sat down to get coffee and I said this really isn't working out and she laughed and agreed. You stayed close friends for years and today she's one of my wife's best friends.  When you had a very serious relationship for a long time and ended in a terrible way it's not nearly as easy to look at each other and see anything other than hurt.
We have a dog together, and I keep her updated on how he's doing.
Begrudgingly accepting that grunge is dead
Ask Eddie Vedder.
Haagen daas lots of Hagen daas 
The Oregon Trail. Everyone should experience dying from dysentery at least once in their life.  You can [play it for free on archive.org.](https://archive.org/details/msdos_Oregon_Trail_The_1990) along with the [1992 Deluxe Edition.](https://archive.org/details/msdos_Oregon_Trail_Deluxe_The_1992)
Chrono trigger
Super Mario 64. The game's pretty straightforward, gives you a lot of stuff to do right off the bat without being insanely difficult, and gives you a lot of space to just mess around and do your own thing.  Don't be intimidated by all the crazy-ass TAS videos of it, those things are completely unnecessary and the game is not designed around any of its weird physics quirks.
The fact that this is NSFW is giving me so many wrong ideas.
Not me, but my cousin and her wife have two kids. They're referred to as Mom and "Oma," which is short for other mother. Works well for them!
I actually know someone who has two dads. His biological dad is Papa, and his stepdad is simply Dad.
Steady as she goes.   None of this "new me" nonsense.
Get my shit together and sort my life out
Cry if I need to, no more bottling up emotions.
Depends on what you think schools are for. For many, schools are babysitters and indoctrination, and keeping kids around for an arbitrary amount of time meets that end.
I think so. I've had that same thought many times, over the years (I'm a teacher). 
You would end up with a certain number of kids who were still in first grade when they were 18.
Too fucking much 
For reference, my 5 mile journey is about £70/month.
A girl who lives far from me, promised me that she would come over to have sex and she was into the 'rape' fetish and she wanted me to do it to her, but she had so many things that really bothered the fuck out of me, so one day i snapped, sent her a rant and told her to delete me, she did so now i blew my chance for awesome sex, should've waited until after :/
He said he'd pull out.  He didn't.
I was 27, had recently bought my own home, had a great job, was engaged to be married in three months, and I was packing a bag for detox/rehab. Looking back it was the first good decision I had made in months, but man, I felt like the worlds biggest fuck up.
lock my door and browse reddit
Lock my family and myself in a bunker for the day til it passed.
End up in a bookstore stealing novels.
r/travel
southern Germany, Austria or northern Italy
Stubital for the win. You get a lot of long runs and fast lift lines for your money.
Started using alcohol as a social crutch. It made it so I had to have a drink if I was gonna hang out with someone. Drinking with friends wasn't a fun thing once in a while but a habitual thing that made all interactions without booze intensely overwhelming.
Push people away from me and binge drink alone.
Back in 2015 I was in a really bad place in life, I was in a job I hated, my gf at the time was barely at work and when she was she was coming home in tears. She also did absolutely NOTHING to help around the house when she wasn’t working.  Being anti-social and a typical ‘male’ I didn’t talk to anyone IRL about my problems and slowly found myself delving into the deep and dark places on the internet as some kind of coping mechanism.   I ended up getting involved with a ‘hacking’ group which basically sent a load of DDOS software to other groups over chat programs (I won’t say which).  Long story short, I just came out of an 18 month prison sentence for distributing CP. My life is basically ruined and I’ve got nothing but a phone, a bag of clothes and my health.  For the love of all that is important you need to TALK to people about your problems before it manifests into something completely fucked up!
Bears. Beats. Battlestar Galactica.
Question
Beets, bears, Battlestar Galactica. 
Strippers
meth
The only reason weed in Colorado or other places is all cash based is the feds consider it illegal and won't let them use the banks. There are probably no other businesses in that category.
I stay up all night and sleep on night 2.
Melatonin helps, also limiting my caffeine intake. I try to make sure both my mind & body are tired before going to bed.  
I tried to devise a kind of ritual: I used to work as a waiter, and when i lie awake, i go through all the things i used to do when closing down the place. washing the dishes, cleaining the coffee machine, counting the money, closing the blinds and so on. takes about 5 minutes to go through everything, by then i'm usually sleepy enough to just drift off.   If that doesn't work, Bob Ross is always there for me.
in those cultures you would be shamed for being gay
GarageBand is actually ok. You can input notes and move them around and add reverb and add apple loops... and it's free!
I like to compose electronic music with Audiotool. You should check them out [here.](https://www.audiotool.com) it's completely free and they have a beta out right now so multiple people can be working on the same project at once.   If you want to hear what some of the stuff I've made with it sounds like [check out my page](https://www.audiotool.com/user/therandomlizard/)  
[MasterWriter](http://masterwriter.com/) was always my go-to tool for lyrics writing. 
Fought on my own for 5 years. A couple of months ago I started taking CBD and also told my family and some friends, I feel it getting much better now.
Therapy.  I always told myself in the past that I should really go, but this latest breakup was the straw that broke the camel's back so to speak.  You might think it's not a big deal, but having someone there to talk to, and offer advice without judgement helps a ton. I've tried reaching out to friends and family in the past, but with friends I always had the worry that I'd scare them off or change their opinion of me for the worse, and with family they always thought that they knew what was best for me and weren't empathetic enough.
I suffered in silence for about ten years before I finally hit rock bottom emotionally and decided to get cognitive behavioral therapy. That helped in the short term, but the longer-term solution for me ended up being medication. I had to go through several drug trial periods before I found the right one for me. Some of them were not fun. I'm doing much better now.
Billy Joel - Still Rock and Roll. Has a nice feel to it until the bridge and starts to speed up. Doesn't work for me. 
Run for cover - the killers.  The guitar solo is shit.
For me, Battery by Metallica.  The first minute is wonderful, but after that I stop listening.
what is buttblast and why do i need to learn?
Where I am from buttblasting is farting.  I was born to fart.
So “buttblast” refers to either farting, anal rape, or working out your glutes. It appears OP is just retarded. 
I'm not as fat* as I was previously 
I made a New Years Resolution in 2003 to stop making New Years Resolutions.  It is the only one I was ever able to keep.
I didn't really have a new years resolution, but more of a promise to myself to keep staying active. I was born with glass bones and paper skin. Every morning I break my legs, and every afternoon I break my arms. At night, I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep
Hot tea with lemon would be my first try.  Nothing with dairy, because that’ll make the problem worse. 
Stop smoking, if you smoke. Take an antacid, and if you have lots of phlegm consistently it means you likely have acid reflux, as I have the same issues.
I used to have this issue as well. I went and saw a gastroenterologist and was diagnosed with severe gerd. Taking an antacid twice a day took care of the problem. If you are looking to go without meds, change your diet so there is less acid in your foods\dinks. You would be surprised at the types of foods that make this problem worse. Keeeping a diary of the foods you eat and what makes the situation worse will help to know what foods\drinks to avoid.
Your gold ran out.
The best? The pubs   The worse? The murders
Best part is that I'm not there; worst part is that I still miss it   ** Edit:  Downvotes don't bother me as much as why the hell would people disagree with me not asking any questions as to why... That's Reddit for you though
The best of my hometown is its natural beauty.My hometown is very lush green and also have mountains.
All recreational drugs would be legal or at least decriminalized. Some regulation similar to alcohol would probably be a good idea. Most drugs that are illegal as fuck aren't even dangerous. They are completely safe. Many have great potential to help people. When it comes to the drugs that actually are highly addictive and  that can be dangerous, what we do obviously doesn't work. It is way better to not throw people in jail for victimless crimes. You own your body and you ought to be as free as possible in your individual life. Use tax dollars to pay for treatment and such for addicts rather than prison cells.
Get rid of the failed prohibition model. Legalise, tax, and regulate drugs the same way alcohol is regulated. Use the tax revenue raised and the savings in prison costs to fund treatment programs for those struggling with addiction.  Use excessive purchase of drugs or alcohol to target at-risk individuals for early intervention and assistance.
Dave's not here maaan...
My second memory of my life: my mother red faced and in tears screaming that she wished I'd never been born and calling me a bastard. Then my dad trying to fix it by telling me she was only joking because she loved me and we don't say things like that to people we love.  I was about 3 years old but I knew she wasn't joking.
how is this on front page of all, if it was just posted?
Define 'older'
r/breathplay 
Either r/breadstapledtotrees or r/buttsharpie.  Both are pretty amazing.
/r/thingsjonsnowknows 
When they simply refuse to learn.
people who get frustrated with slow technology. First off, that google search may take 30 seconds to load, but its still a whole hell of a lot faster than hours at the library. Second, if your device is not performing as quickly as it used to, there is probably a reason. And often, a fixable reason. So many members of my family have really nice phones that are completely riddled with viruses and full to the brim with stuff. No crap its taking 2 minutes for youtube to open. Its not the phone's fault, and you don't need to go buy a new 800 dollar phone. just clean out your phone. backup and reset if you have to. 
The sheer lack of willingness to learn how to do a thing.  "I'm not a computer person" is no longer a valid excuse in the world we live in.  Its fine if you don't know how to do a particular thing, but don't just throw your hands up and give up.  Learn how to do it, then you won't have to depend on someone else all the time.
I lost 40lbs last year. My original goal at new years was 20. So, I'm happy with that. 
To make a New Years resolution for this year 
Stop smoking cigarettes 
When I think of them or see them I think to myself, "Yeah that happened, I learned about me on that one." 
You stop having the urge to look them up on social media regularly. 
when you hardly think about them anymore
Party like its 1999
1989.
Grinding discs!! people don’t have the guards set right 
I’m now a master’s student studying molecular microbiology and immunology.  I enjoy teaching and mentoring students, but I felt like I still had a desire to get involved with public health and learn more about viruses.   
I’ve bottle fed my nephew once. Nothing to be proud of, but it is what it is
Watch porn
Guinness World Book of Records. Legendary.
Here in the UK talking about the weather is a national pass-time, no matter how little you have in common with the other person you can always have a good chat about the weather.
Hi, i’m <name>, it’s nice to meet you!  Oh, so how do you and <host of event/party/mutualfriend> know each other?  May I ask what you do for a living?  Wow, that sounds like it could be really hard to do, tell me more about it, it sounds interesting!  Me? I work in <three word or less description of career>, it can be challenging but I enjoy it/it’s just temporary but I’d love to get into <industry>  Have I done anything interesting lately? Well, maybe not everyone’s thing, but I just <anything you do for entertainment, books, streaming, d&d, video game, tv show, etc>.  How about you?
"The weather looks nice today" "Yes" ??? Profit
It's been a big year just because of all the tears and frustrations. My car got totalled, I started a second job, my eldest started school, we narrowly avoided bankruptcy, my credit score plummeted, we had some serious medical bills, I discovered I have an anger management problem... the list just keeps going on and on. 
Pretty boring no real cool Terry attacks 
Not really. It’s been boring because I haven’t been interacting with anyone this year.
I disagree.
If you hate breaks then you're more than likely extremely poor
Sweet! Stat holiday!
I don’t call it Christmas break I call it winter break and accept it for what it is 
My balls hurt
Piranha attack.  Double black diamond slope.   Swarmed outta nowhere
Feeling nauseous and dizzy, I think it's a fever
Accidentally killing my sons hamster Nathan.  I was carrying the cage from his room to downstairs where it was warmer. The cage door was open and I didn’t realise.   Nathan jumped and my reflexes kicked in. I went to catch him with my foot and instead volleyed him at the wall. I dropped cage and picked him up and he shaking bad.  I did take him to a vet and she euthanised him because his little body was fucked up.   My son believes he got out and lives in field behind the house we were in at the time.   It was a few years ago now and the guilt when he mentions him. 
when I was a horny 11 year old boy, I manipulated my 5 year old cousin into french kissing me while I touched her butt.. At that time I didn't feel guilty about it, but now whenever I remember it I fucking disgust myself..
_No regrets._
[The walkie talkie](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2c/Walkie-Talkie_-_Sept_2015.jpg/240px-Walkie-Talkie_-_Sept_2015.jpg) is a horrid, ugly building which melts nearby pavement. 
The [UTS tower](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8c/UTS_Tower_Building_201708.jpg/240px-UTS_Tower_Building_201708.jpg) is notoriously the ugliest building in Sydney.
Not that it justifies what happened, but the twin towers were just 2 big concrete slabs.
Interlaken, Switzerland. The place has gorgeous view!
London. I love that city. The history. The soccer. The pubs. All great in my opinion
Vienna
Had a shadow man screaming in my face from about 15cm away. He was mute so it wasn't so bad but the feeling of being dragged off of my bed was pretty unsettling.
For me it’s not one experience but how they manifest for me. I’ll be aware that I’m dreaming and want to wake up but I am unable to.  I’ll then spend the dream in a panic because I feel like I’m being pulled deeper into sleep and will die. I’ve learned to control the dreams to an extent and will start screaming to try and wake myself up. It doesn’t always work, but sometimes I have managed to make the scream come all the way out in real life. Scares my husband when I wake up screaming.  Xyrem has greatly reduced the lucid dreams and sleep paralysis, I’m so grateful for that.
Random glowing red demon face floating in front of my face.  Weird thing was I could open my mouth but couldn’t scream.
Just have some fucking manners.   I'm shocked by the amount of people that have no common courtesy or manners while out in public - 
Stop trying to talk politics with me. I don't care what side of the aisle you are on.
Spend some time with an elderly person each week. Some of them are lonely and you can make a huge impact.
A little important. These days, between work, home maintenance, and parenting... there's just not enough time in the day. I'm happy if I can have sex with my wife about once every week or two. Sometimes we go whole months with nothing, and it rarely bugs me.   I think that it's just not that important for me because it's lower on my scale of needs than sleep and "being a good husband/father."
In a relationship, it's very important. It's how I bond with my partner and it's great for stress relief. 
Kinda troubling to read all the "not important at all" responses. I get it, we're a highly evolved society that has reached a population level in which we can reasonably assure our species survival without the highest importance of reproduction. And, sex in and of itself isn't the end all, be all of daily activity or a forward minded goal. But, I have to wonder, where did our species take a turn to the direction where our most primal, instinctual and intimate urge to mate is considered no where in our life's priority? What have we done to ourselves to essentially castrate the very nature of us living with each other? So very strange and thought provoking.    PS: very very important to me. My partner (wife) and I shared a very intimate and strong sexual bond from the very beginning of our courting and continue it to today (10 years married and counting) with sex being necessary multiple times a week if not at least once daily. That connection is so important, and it's almost sad that some don't realize it. To each their own happiness I suppose. 
Too see whether their greatness holds up over time.
To allow some perspective on the career, time to consider it in historical context I believe
What does this red flashing button on the spaceship do?  [Presses button]
What is up with trumps HAIR?
Why do they only invade USA...
The silent scene in the last jedi
The introduction scene in Wolverine, two badasses going through all the wars America has fought in. A film focused on Wolverine and Sabertooth  fighting in different wars and the breakdown in their relationship would have been so much better than the actual film 
Shuttle launch in Geostorm
Bruh... Despacito
About 80% of the pop songs on radio.
How Long - Charlie Puth
Most of it is satire but there are a select few who’s elevators don’t quite reach the top floor that really do believe it
The controversy here is that it's not a well-rounded joke and fell flat on some ears...
I think some people got their high school diploma for just showing up enough days.
The first time I deadlifted. 
First time doing a chick bare
When someone break your heart.
Stop beating my meat..... At like 12:15.....
Can't break em if you don't make em
Having a hour alone without children or partner about. Just a quiet house where I can do what I please
When you wake up in the middle of the night and are all like, "Oh god, please, don't make me have to get out of bed yet". But then you look at the time and it's like 3am and you've got several hours of sleep ahead of you yet.  I know you're not gaining any extra sleep time really, but fuck that feels good.
After years of sharing a bed with someone, having that rare elusive night alone and being able to starfish 
When someone is extra noisy to cover the sound of you shitting in a public bathroom. It would be weirder to thank the person. 
r/breathplay 
r/9movie
If you build it they will come...
Motel 6
Studio 6
Epic Movie. Spoiler: It was not epic.
The Room. I love it.
The senator
The Alchemist, this book will change you.
The Old Man and the Sea, by Hemingway.
Once we went to a swimming pool and dad went swimming but I didn't. I spent about $15 dollars on junk food. Still feel guilty somehow. I was 6 at the time.
Was yours was 4 months back when you made this account CuntCannon98?
The amount of sexual partners that they had/have.
People who brag about how smart they are.
Their inhalant usage
Less money.  And multiple people to let you know that you are wrong. 
More than one wife to beat
Easier for people to believe the “I was with my wife” alibi.
She yearned for a penis the size of a donkey's with the ejaculation of a horse's.
r/breathplay
“A woman can’t be president because of her emotions.”
Put in your two weeks and, if HR has an Exit Interview Process, proceed to partake and answer as truthfully as possible. Make a round and say goodbye to each person individually.
If you're in an at-will work state, don't provide notice unless you can start working at the other place immediately. [source](http://employment.findlaw.com/hiring-process/at-will-employee-faq-s.html)
Write a letter to your employer giving your final day two weeks from when the letter is written. Explain you will be leaving your position, thank them for the opportunity and thank them for the experience you gained.  Finish up your time and walk.
I don't think you know what a civil war is.
i want what you've been smoking.
What if wet really meant dry?
If it's persistent then go see a doctor. Otherwise cut out coffee/alcohol/soda things you know to be bad if you think it's worth it.
r/explainlikeimfive
Gas, ulcers, that kind of stuff. In the case of gas, because you're stretching the thing more than it ought to be stretched. In the case of ulcers, because developing holes in your organs hurts.
If I have a song stuck in my head I will often tap out the beat, reasonably loudly, while I am listening to people's conversations.
Talk.
I was flying into Reno, Nevada on May 31st. I was flying out of Dallas Texas. The plane was on it's final approach and we were about (in my estimation) 500 feet off the ground when the pilot guns the engines and pulls the plane upwards suddenly.  We then started circling the airport. It turns out the pilot's approach was way too high to land safely and they had to abort the landing and try again.
Idk why but I assume everyone is male.
[Like this](http://i.imgur.com/FSyETES.jpg)
Especially the one who has karma like 25k or even 50k+, I imagine them as introverted or shy extroverted hilarious nerds
Bullies. They are like sharks
[I found an invitation to a WW2 event in St Paul's Cathedral](https://www.reddit.com/r/ForgottenBookmarks/comments/7dzg54/invitation_1944_found_in_a_book_of_poe_poems/) which I'm going to Kew Archive to research. It's an interesting piece!
My resolution for 2017 was to go to the gym 20 times per month.  I'd circle the day's number on my work calendar in red pen to have a visual and push myself to find the time to hit 20 per month. In April, I went on vacation so I only managed 13 days, but the remaining months I went extra to hit 21, 22, etc. per month to cover the days I missed.  I finished with 241 gym days, with 240 being 20 times a month.
Ill start running 
Get a new hairstyle.
What did Google say when you asked it this question?
https://www.highsnobiety.com/2015/06/24/most-expensive-hollywood-movies/
Peed
Puking.
Eat. Brush my teeth. Talk on the phone. Did my homework in there once, too.
The only thing that stops us from being a hero is ourselves.
That I’m like the other parent.. 
Lack of respect.
Nothing that I know of.  My parents and I get along well.
Absolutely none. 
None at all. Make them pay taxes. 
Zero.
In college I frequented a specific Jack in the Box that was walking distance from campus. I'd occasionally talk with the manager, who was a pretty cool guy and one of only a few people I knew who were into the world cup. One day he says "you want a lifetime supply of milkshakes?" I thought he was joking so I was like "sure." And he handed me a huge stack of free milkshake coupons.  Not so much a contest, but i guess I won the prize for friendliness. 
I'm not a huge fan of tattoos, but I knew this girl who was a librarian, and had the Dewey decimal system number for "Tattoos" tattooed on her spine. 
A friend has a full sleeve tattoo of a stain glass similar to what you see in church. Instead of religious figures he has his favourite authors. Dr seuss. Douglas Adams. Kurt Vonnegutt. And others I cant remember. 
A friend of mine has a sleeve of the things you serve at a good tea party. I really like that one. Cookies and cakes everywhere.
Watch anime.  I have glasses, so I can see pretty well.
Noise cancelling headphones and sit really close to monitor/tv.
Work to make yourself the best version of you you can be, however you define that. 
Be very, very lucky.   You need to actually be *compatible* with the other person in the relationship. Sure, you can go out of your way to cater to their needs, but if that ends up meaning doing stuff you hate, or -- even worse -- is not reciprocated, you'll just end up resenting them. And that's a best case scenario.   Basically, to be the best girlfriend ever, you need the other person to be the best boyfriend or girlfriend ever, too.   You can also accept that nobody's perfect and relationships can be, and often are, hard work, and decide to be the best girlfriend *you* can be. In which case, see above about reciprocation - a one-sided relationship will not be a successful one. 
Cooking well is obvious. It's obvious because it's true.      There's really no downside to learning how to cook well and I personally love cooking.
[deleted]
The Wednesday Frog is the second coming.
The one about the [real corpse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elmer_McCurdy) being used in a funhouse.
Was never kicked out of college, but I was kicked out of high school.  
I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning, the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico, but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting. I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years. She's never taken another lover. I don't care. I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.
I did this last March. I moved from Iowa to Colorado.  Up in the mountains in a little town. I worked the summer as a raft guide and now I work as a snow maker at a resort. Housing is not really an option though so I live in a badass RV Van.  https://i.imgur.com/j1OpWjU.jpg 
New Zealand.  Never been there but it's far away, seems to be beautiful, and the people seem to be great.  It would be a true escape (from northeast U.S.).
Stop memeing until 4 am.
My new year's resolution a few years back was to stop going to the gym.   The thing is, I don't need the gym when it's warm out, because I can go running/hiking/kayaking/whatever. I can't really do much outdoorsy stuff in the winter, especially lately with the whole not enough snow thing. So that's when the gym is useful.  ...except it's when everyone else's new year's resolution is to go to the gym. January and February are *hell* at the gym. It's insanely crowded and a lot of people are new and don't follow the rules, which ranges from "annoying" to "frustrating" to downright "dangerous".   Part of this resolution was to get some equipment so I can get enough exercise indoors during the winter to tide me over till March. 
The Last Jedi because it threw everyone off course to what was actually going to happen. And it looked so damn good
Avengers: Age of Ultron.
the black panther trailer was awesome 
There have been a few times where people have assumed I was female because I was taking a feminist stance. I tend to prefer androgeny and the names I choose to use online aren't gendered. For example, being accused of having a loose vagina because I was questioning the use of slut shaming.
My sister used to use an app (name of the app is unknown) to chat with some online friends. She always used to complain how perverted guys were and how they used to flood her inbox with dick pics and obscene messages.   I decided to see it for myself. I wanted to know if my sister was right or was she just over-exaggerating like she did most of the time.   Well, she wasn't over-exaggerating. Within like an hour of creating the account, my inbox was flooded with dick-picks. 
The amount of 30-40 year old married men on teen webchat sites wanting to get with a 13 year old girl.
I make a beef wellington when I want a simple dinner.
Mashed potatoes  Cheese, shit ton of cheese Garlic salt   All in one huge bowl. 
Kraft Mac and cheese.
Know your material back to front. Have all your instruments re strung, re skinned and set up.  Don't act like a rockstar, more often than not the engineer won't give a damn who you are or where you're from.  The song of album you record may be deep and personal masterpieces to you, to them they're a paycheque. Listen to them and take criticism well.
Studios are expensive - go in ready to work and be efficient, but don't rush through. You will here it on the recordings if you're cutting corners or ignoring little details.   Don't go into the studio until you have all of your material down and tight (you play it tight together and separately). Try to have it all written (or at least the lion share) so you're not trying to figure out how a song should end, a bridge, etc. That just adds more time to the bill. Also, get used to playing to a click track, especially if you're a drummer or bassist.   Spend the money to re-skin drums and re-string your guitars.   Tune after every take - and never stop recording if you screw up. There's usually something useful in every take. 
I eat ass because it is my right as an American.
If I'm eating a girl's ass, it's probably because I've been dying to burry my face in it.  If it's a guy's ass, I'm probably about to peg him.
Marriage material ☝️ 
Take the browns to the super bowl
Honking out a dirt snake has always been a personal favourite of mine
Laying cable.
My Zebra got out and did pornographic graffiti. 
My best friend left for a park while me and my other friends were playing lame games. Turns out she found out one of her family friends was murdered with an axe while she was with us so she went to drink by herself. It's the fifth (I think could be more or less) family friend of hers to die in the past two months.   
I was going home from the party at like 4am, there were a lot of people at the bus station including two very drunk homeless man. And whin is say very drunk I mean Very fucking drunk. One of them dropped an unopened bottle of beer, the thing went everywhere, but it took the guy half a minute to realise, then he started  to reach for it. At this moment the other one realised what has happened and while the first man was reaching towards the ground, this one kicked him right in the face..  The first one started to 'run' from the second one, with the exact moves as yours truly uses to run when I feel  the turd turning the last turn in my bowels and it's almost at the end of the tunnel, but I don't want to be obvious about it. After the 3 minute high speed chase both of them fell on the ground and lied there for a good ten minutes... It was just so funny and sad to watch this two grown ass man act like two kindergarten boy.. 
english
That his new auto water dispenser is for his benefit and he should just drink from it already.....
That I love him and that my mother hates him so he should love me and not her for I feed him, clean his cage, play with him and give him head scratches.   But no, he loves the one that says "you should sell your birds because they are annoying" and that only sees him once in a blue moon.
Im sorry but can someone pronounce that name for me?
right now, it would be me finishing these sorting algorithm videos.  despite being a professional programmer for 2 years now, sorting is still something i dont understand very well or have used often  probably a reason why places hire kids with degree instead of wannabes like me xD
A lot. Are you playing Fallout right now?
Going from shitty to pretty bad.
My sister used to pretend she was a skunk and pee on me
Isnt it 90% a sexual thing?
they didn't choose the furry life, furry life chose them
Picking up change that I find walking around town
ask me to pay an extra $2 for washing detergent and I go on a rant.... ask me to pay $200 for a fancy meal out with my husband and there's no problem. 
I re-heat old coffee. I kind of hate myself for doing it, but it just feels wasteful to pour all of it in the sink. 
I was a member of the chrismas tree gang, we would stalk the streets at night after Christmas time and put the discarded Christmas trees that were on the street back behind people's fences.
Stealing booze from coolers 
I taunted my sister into peeing on me when we were kids
Eat healthy : just ate a chocolate bar
Get rid of black heads, I fucked up because haven't brought any facial mask latley 
Stay up until the celebration.  Fell asleep at 11.  Fml
Why I am not religious. 
How I don’t want my child around their cigarette smoke
“It’s not that easy for me to find a partner, please stop asking why I’m single” 
Well here in Ireland it was bankers giving out extortionate mortages to people that were unable to pay them back. Then the bankers fucked off to the Caribbean with the money and left the country for dead  Source: was just coming of age to work during the recession of 2008. Had to emigrate because the housing crash caused the  recession among other things. Luckily i was able to return home 
Continued government interference with things like 'Help To Buy', encouraging young people to take on unsustainable debt to push prices higher and higher, becoming less and less affordable for the generation after them.  Sooner or later there will come a point with any commodity where customers simply say 'nope, I'm not paying that' and find alternative ways to get the benefits without the costs- in this case renting, staying with family or leaving the country. 
The big short is still happening but now in different format so it will happen again. they are lending money that isn’t there.
SoundCloud rappers
The kardashians . 
Fidget spinners.
The Glass Man. He was a creature made of shards of broken glass. He would grab you, cut you, and drink your blood, and you could see it filling up his insides. If you bled to death, he would just bring you back to life so he could keep torturing you. 
I was being interviewed on tv.
a couple:  1 - dreamt my son had gone missing...looked for him in the woods, search parties etc....then found myself at a press conference and as I stood talking to media I noticed 2 teenagers from the street who had helped look for him being interviewed and realised that it was them who had taken and killed him. simple but if you have kids you'll appreciate the horror.  2 - another associated with my son and this one was very very real. I wake up (in my dream) as I've heard my son get out of bed and walk downstairs...I shout him but no reply...I walk down the stairs into the lounge...lounge is in pitch darkness...as my eyes get used to the dark I begin to see a pair of eyes about 3 ft off the ground - must be my son - I then begin to notice more and more pairs of eyes also the same height everywhere in the room...I then see a bloodshot pair of eyes aroun 7ft from the floor and then here an evil guttural laugh.  I then woke up, woke my wife up, woke my son up...turned every light on...checked every room, wardrobe and cupboard in the house, under the beds..  and didn't get back to sleep for around 3 hours.  smh.
If they start showing signs of wanting to be more than a friend, I open my mouth and tell them because I'm an adult and communication is key for any kind of relationship, including friendship.
Some girls just ghost you.  Which sucks because then you don't know what you did wrong for when you talk to someone else.
If I suspect that he might be developing a crush or something I'll be extra gross around him. Burp, scratch myself (boobs and pits), bad table manners, slightly meaner jokes.
In the Punjabi language there's a word "Jootha" which doesn't exist in English. Which means something that has already been *used* by someone else.  In the Sikh religion, it's forbidden to drink or eat after someone. Every bite/sip must be "pure", or "not Jootha".  My dad stumped me with this years ago.
The verb “krokodili” (to crocodile) means to speak your national language when you are between esperanto speakers. This is considered quite rude behaviour.  There are also some derivatives: kajmani, aligatori, gaviali …  The word “kabei” means to leave the Esperanto movement without giving any explanations or reason.  I don’t think there can be no equivalents in any other language.
I do live in England but I think I can safely say that in American English there is no equivalent to a "chippy" that I know of.
I may have undiagnosed Tourettes, so i have unique uncontrollable ticks, such as singing whenever i see bread. 
A shy, depressed and socially anxious guy who **loves** talking.
I told my teacher "no", got my parents involved. Got my phone back the next day.
There's no way that would fly
Well you shouldn't use your phone in class, I assume it was taken for a reason. However, teachers can't keep your stuff for a year or so. Just talk to your parents, worst case scenario - police.
[“?? i nvr wrote such message”](https://imgur.com/a/KUWma)
Your mum picked up 
From an older [reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/etymology/comments/2bontm/when_and_how_did_the_word_bullshit_come_to_mean/), u/infinull says:   "It's somewhat of a common (and totally understandable) misconception that bullshit is a contraction of "bull" (male bovine) and "shit" (excrement).  It's actually a contraction of "bull" (lies) and "shit" (excrement) and is therefore related to "bollocks" and comes to English via the French word bole.   see: http://etymonline.com/index.php?term=bull&allowed_in_frame=0  and: http://etymonline.com/index.php?allowed_in_frame=0&search=bullshit&searchmode=none   So since 1914 and as a contraction of "bull" and "shit" Nowadays if someone said "bull" to mean lies (not too uncommon) we assume they're abbreviating bullshit to make it seem less vulgar, but this is the older word."
Substituting "horse" for "bull" was popular for a while, right?
http://www.google.com/search?q=bullshit+origin
I just deleted them all. New year, fresh start
1.  Strategy is to not read it.  I hear my performance in “no I didn’t get your email” might get an Oscar nomination this year.
About 60.  We have staff meeting so anything that will be gone over at staff meeting needs to be done first I guess
I've never had a good blowjob
Toilet water is so cold in the morning.
/r/bigdickproblems
Almost everyone knows what the Nazis did, but not everyone is aware of the atrocities the Japanese did during WWII. Some might say that they are far more cruel than the Nazis.
As a Belgian I can say we must teach our children about what we did in Congo. All we say now in history classes is "Yeah this Leopold wasn't the friendliest guy." And then we move on to the next chapter. 
Byzantine emperor Basil II ordered thousands of Bulgarian people to have their eye gauged out.    Many kings who had to defeat their family members to get to the throne didn't want to kinslay so they'd just blind their enemies (usually brothers) and send them to a monastery. A Byzantine empress did that to her own son    There was also a Byzantine tradition to cut off emperor's noses when they'd get defeated. Justinian II had that happen to him but made a comeback and defeated his enemies.    
Oh hi Mark
I've got a bad feeling about this..
Piss off ghost!
I have bright red hair and I love rum. 90 is a random number 
friends call me full metal autism, because I showed up to my lecture in my SCA helmet. Also have Autism. 
Fallout. 
I believed my father when he told me all I needed to do to make him proud of me was to make a life for myself that makes me happy.
I have bio parents that didn't raise me, and I have no need for sympathy, because I think that my surrogate parents made me more lucky than a lot of people, but you still always think about the people who gave you life. I give my birth father more thought than my birth mother, even though he hasn't shown any more interest in me, because I'm male myself, so I see more of myself in him, and I feel like I'm stacking myself up to him a little more.   I say that to say this. My girlfriend comes from means, because she has a father who has done alright for himself. I wonder if part of the reason why she doesn't seem to be living in his shadow, has to do with the fact that they're different genders. You just can't compare 2 people as easily, when something like gender is changing the context so much. There's still the expectation that you're generally a competent person, but the specifics aren't the same. 
My parents were like the popular kids, all thier lives.  It all just seemed to come to them effortlessly.  I have everything going for me but when it comes to social interaction I feel like there is something basic that no one ever told me.   My friends are the best, but it's incredibly difficult for me to meet new people.
Just smiling at someone can save a life.
Compliments, especially those directed at men, who rarely seem to get them.
High fives 
Living by yourself 
Paying taxes
My hands
My son at 2 got attached to a soup ladle. He took it everywhere including bed for weeks. 
This is an uncle story, but here goes:   I was lying in bed listening to my brother read a story to his son in the next room before he goes to sleep. My nephew is roughly 2 at this point and i hear him say "daddy i love you to Africa and back"  I can hear my brother choke up whilst saying love you too son.  After a couple of rough years for my brother, becoming a teenage single-dad, working non-stop in minus temperatures on construction sites, having to learn and relearn everything he thought about his life and how it would go.   It was a goofy sentence from my nephew, but completely broke my heart in a good way, i couldn't help but have a little cry, that all the issues going on, his son was so in love with him 
My son used to drink out of soda cans backwards. He would put his mouth on the tab and sort of drip the soda out to drink it.
If they haven't had any exposure to anime, I usually advise to watch Studio Ghibli movies first. Now there's also *Your Name* and *Koe no Katachi*. They are all self-contained and not targeted to specific demographics. After having had a taste with those they can choose better in which direction to go.  As for series I would first encourage to watch renowned classics, like *Mushishi* or *Cowboy Bebop*. Others like *Death Note* or *Evangelion* work better when they have already seen others.  Among newer ones *Erased* and *Made in Abyss* are pretty good.
One Punch Man. It's inoffensive, ridiculous and translates in terms of pacing and stroytelling quite well (or at least a lot better than most anime) to western audiences.
Spirited Away
A human
Home Fries. 
Cheesy garlic mash 
I think I am more disappointed then she is. I can understand taking a little time and waiting for the right moment, but 2 MONTHS... Kiss her soon or she is going to ditch you for someone with a pulse.
My cousins wedding. When the bride & groom finished pictures they entered the reception area and I ran over to be the 1st to congratulate her. As I got close drunken me stumbled and launched a FULL cup of beer onto her wedding dress. I could've died!!!
If you want a serious answer, ask on /r/blind.
dryd, ilipuç !§èrdrtdf cntfrty zersw rwdgfvb
* are there some apps or tablets for blind people ? 
My dirty sense of humour.   Only really show it with my best friend. 
I have a bf !!! 
Nipple piercings 
Customers 
Since you weren't very specific about what constitutes a problem...   - Its too hot in the office, unless its too cold  - I get little to no support. If I have a problem, I've just got to tough it out and find a solution on my own; nobody helps. This pushes back deadlines which leads to...  - boss and customers getting upset about deadlines not being met - tough to meet them when you're spending 70% of the time finding solutions to problems that nobody's seen before
I can’t sleep because of a coworker that snores too loud. 
- Drinking juice instead of pop/soda. Yeah, it's not carbonated but the sugar is ridiculous! Make it an every-so-often treat and not a daily habit.  - Drinking Powerade or Gatorade avidly just because it's not pop/soda, and because they have electrolytes or whatever. The sodium count is through the roof!  - People think just because something is "healthy", they can overeat said something. Yeah, maybe a granola bar has health benefits but if you cram a dozen in before lunchtime then it defeats it's purpose.
Artificial sweeteners  Margarine 
A lot of protein bars are basically candy bars. There are a lot of way better forms of protein that don't have 40+ grams of sugar. 
Jessica Rabbit's.
SCP wiki
We're all in the biggest one of all
Slow internet . it s everywhere
2 xmas presents for my wife that are very over due but she will love them. I may even get thank you head for them. 
mothers
This is the song that doesn’t end, yes it goes on and on my friends.  some people started singing it, not knowing what it was but they’ll continue singing it forever just because.. This is the song that doesn’t end, yes it goes on and on my friends.  some people started singing it, not knowing what it was but they’ll continue singing it forever just because.... This is the song that doesn’t end, yes it goes on and on my friends.  some people started singing it, not knowing what it was but they’ll continue singing it forever just because......
Old MacDonald sitting on a fence  Screwing his balls with a monkey wrench  Wrench got hot and burned his balls  Pissed all over his overalls
So it makes sense, I’ll kick off my own thread. I don’t know how I learned this one but it gets stuck in my head from time to time:  Kookaburra sits in the old gum tree, Merry merry king of the bush is he. Laugh, Kookaburra, laugh, Kookaburra, Gay your life must be!  There are also some wacky alterations too like um:  Kookaburra sits on electric wire, Jumping up and down with his pants on fire. Ouch, Kookaburra, ouch! Kookaburra, Hot your tail must be!  No, I don’t know where the kookaburra found pants.
The art of the deal. 
Anything religious would go against my existance as a tree.
50 Shades. If I'm gonna be smut, at least make it good smut. 
My body My sanity 
Sleep. I've never been the same since
3 goats and a chicken. /s   Not a parent, just a guy who can't resist sarcasm.
Absolutely nothing. 2014 was last week. 2011 was a year ago.
Well, we are a tiny bit farther in our current revolution around the galactic centre. Yay! 
That "7" aged into an "8"
Their weave lol   https://i.imgur.com/HeU281P.jpg
A cake shaped like a penis. Miscellaneous drugs. Dildo. Old porn mags. Cosplay gear. Their own dead body. 
A mini machete 
Blue waffle
My Lazy Sunday
never google "never google"
Do women still have the breasts? 
Would women still wear short dresses to dates?
I see you've been reading my newsletter.
Sherlock.  It blew My socks off on first viewing. I got the DVDs and rewwatched and someone made a good point in saying "it's a stupid person's thoughts on how a smart person works."
House of Cards - ya know... 
Community
I can say in one simple word " Nothing"
Dying
Become financially stable. And by that I mean stop running out of money before payday. 
My knowledge.  I've paid over £36000 for it in tuition fees. 
Car... But it's financed so do I really even own it?
If we're talking about things, my bicycle or my cellphone. If we're talking about something meaningful, I'd go with my cat, Sol.
People will be flattered more after every wash cycle
Smelly 
There would lots more tailors. 
I'm on the county board for my town. Specifically, the liquor license board. I've never been outside of my state, much less to Washington DC. My understanding is that living there kind of sucks, but again, I don't live there myself so I can't verify that. 
My cousin (female) and i (male) were talking about how she wants to surprise her husband and spice things up in the bedroom. So i bought her a 'toy' as a bit of a joke, which she found hilarious. However, she decided to open it in front of our grandmother, so it was awkward as fuck 
So basically I was one of the participants celebrating my best mate's girlfriend birthday and I decided to chip in a gift. Nevertheless I tried to play a prank and gave her a proposal letter. I passed the letter to her and the next moment i knew my friendship with my best mate ended.
A necklace to a girl I was interested in, when I was much younger.  It was too expensive, and that made her uncomfortable. 
I feel like these are always hackers trying to get your security question answer
I paid a friend $1 to see Annabelle: Creation with him
I went to a theater just for popcorn one time (popcorn is my special food).  While I was there, I decided to watch this random movie called Kingsman: The Secret Service.  I thought it was going to be a stupid action movie, but lo and behold, one of the best movies of 2015 for sure. :D 
Not that old but r/place
r/sewerhorse
/r/MuseumOfReddit
Eating lots of high fat meats or nuts would probably help. The key is just to eat a shit ton of calories consistently. Nuts and seeds have a ton of calories with few carbs.
Eat lots of meat and vegetables.
I would not be comfortable disclosing that information.    We don't quite know each other that well to discuss our private lives.    No.   Literally any answer will do. 
"Not enough"
Ask her to tell you first, then say, “That’s the same as me!” That way she can’t judge you either way. 
Mine was to have a greatly improved performance at work. First day back I’ve had to call in sick with food poisoning. 
Caffeine. I said, ‘18 will be the year, woke up Monday morning massive headache that didn’t go away even when I went to bed, not having that today... *sip*
Female of a couple that have been together 10 Years decoded just after midnight on 1st January was the perfect time to mention she has cheated. In front of me and my partner.   They argued and he quizzed for her half hour before they thought maybe going home to talk was a better idea 
Logan Paul's suicide forest disaster. Like, jesus christ man.
The conditions I'm having to live in because my landlord is a piece of shit who thinks they have no obligation to fix my heat when it's ONE DEGREE OUTSIDE.
The next
69 AD
The one i die in. 
Terry Crews. The man is wholesome, fit, amazing and overall a really well rounded individual. 
Ta-Nehisi Coates
Dragon Quest V DS.
I don't know if this is fair, but when Doom was remade that game was terrifying and looked amazing.
I want to say twin snakes is better, but nostalgia always pulls me back to the original 
Who the fuck’s Alan Alda?
Absolutely nothing, i have no opinion either way 
Oh God, did Hawkeye get too grabby?? Why do u ask? I find him a pleasant character actor and plays a surprisingly good asshole on Horace and Pete.
The last straw was when they did their grocery shopping, they would put the full trolley in the back of the van, then wheel it in the house and leave it in the kitchen
I played basketball all my life growing up, and I got progressively better as I aged, because I improved my skills at a fairly consistent pace. Then, around the time I was 19 or so, I probably regressed a little bit. I stopped playing in leagues, and going to camps, and had to focus on more adult stuff, so myself from about 4-5 years ago could probably beat me today. My new years resolution is to be a better basketball player than I ever was at my peak. I think that I can achieve this, because I'm taking physical fitness more seriously than I ever did, so I'll have physical ability to go along with my intangible skills. 
Plan on doing a sketch a day. Day 1 went well. Now for Day 2!
Kilobyte
Kable 
Keyboard 
1. Field of Dreams  2. Saving Private Ryan  3. Blues Brothers  4. Major League  5. It’s a Wonderful Life 6. A League of their Own 7. Gremlins  8. Back to the Future  9.Sweeney Todd 10. Animal House
have them walk around a room
By talking about the objects. The objects shapes and how large they are. The room in general and give my little critique on how it feels. 
It's a hashtable where you can store things.
I’m not. My expiration date is not set.
When my mom cut my baby carrots in half for me because they were too big...I was in my 20’s.
When I found out my friends had to save up to buy things they wanted, and not just simply ask for things they want from their parents. 
🙄
¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Fold it over loosely🎗so I can survive this bullshit. 
Using reddit or watching anime
Masturbation.  
Half arsed parenting 
I guess this counts as my life. I was shotgun in a friend's car and he was speeding. A cop lit up behind us, and we said some bad words in unison. Before we had a chance to pull over, a truck in front of us went off the road into a ditch; it wasn't pretty. The cop broke off to go help and we just kept going, emotionally conflicted.
My best friend broke up with his girlfriend. I could not stand her. We live in different countries, so I decided to send him a care package, it included a bottle of Whiskey and a personal letter where I very explicitly stated my opinion of her and that he was better off without her. I brought it to the post office and went home.  As I arrived home I receive a message from him that he's back together with her and I almost shat myself. There was no way to get that package back. My mind was racing.  The next morning my doorbell rings, it's the postman with my package. Turns out that they are not allowed to ship whiskey internationally. I almost kissed that postman...
Be broke, house in foreclosure, going through bankruptcy. Unemployment, dry. Food Stamps, no loner receive. Getting hungry...  Going through old backup drives and i find a bitcoin wallet with one bitcoin.  I don't even remember getting a bitcoin when i was into mining 7 years ago. 
I hope you mean mortgage.    My advice: stay far below what people at financial institutes say you CAN borrow. Make sure that when you sign the loan, you can actually fulfill it, even when shit happens. Make variables of things that could happen and check what the financial consequences are and if you can still meet up to engagement than.   
Almost all modern music. I don’t want to be that guy, but seriously. 
Game of Thrones. Seen it all, it's really just okay. 
Social media
When my son did something arseholey and realised he got it from me 
You're always an asshole to someone even if you did nothing wrong. 
we do.. but they are underground with an access plate next to them and marked with this sign: http://metricviews.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/080rc.jpg 
We do have them. They are just underground.
They're in the pavement marked by 'H' signs.Go seek.
Donald Trump is the President of the United States at the moment.
Green apples are picked before they could ripen, turn red and become sweet.
Some stars are in fact explosions, but are so large the gravity of the matter holds the explosion and it's heat in a single place and the star forms purely from this.
Armageddon is infamously stupid in that regard. 
There is no sound in space. Looking at you every single Star Wars movie.
The Martian was apparently 100% scientifically accurate except the sandstorm at the beginning which would have been no where near as powerful.
And how long till it drops off back to normal? 
people who make new years goal or some shit should just jog. It's free and when you eventually quit you wouldn't have wasted like 40 bucks on a stupid gym membership.
Thanks for reminding me. I go to the gym on a regular basis, and the first two to three weeks in January are almost not worth it. I can usually differentiate three main groups of the so-called "new-years-resolutionists":    1. Confused and/or scared people, who sheepishly move to the equipment and awkwardly do their stuff.     2. Obnoxious assholes who hog the equipment and take a thousand selfies and/or just hang out on their phone most of the time.     3. By far the smallest group (maybe 5%) who seem normal, actually ask for advice from the *professionals* and stick to their routine. These persist beyond the 3-week-sudden-death.   
"It's just fake news."
I have a student at my school that's allergic to some chemical in standard cleaning supplies, and as a result has his own schedule based on the cleaning schedule of the custodians. It's really sad because he's like 11 years old and has to eating alone every day  
Prilosec(a medication that’s available OTC to treat acid reflux).         Weirdly enough,the day that I got that allergic reaction to it was the day that I had an allergist appointment.   
The mix of cold weather and pants. As soon as it starts to get cold, my legs start to itch all the time, i have bald spots on certain zones of my legs from itching. As soon as it gets warmer, no more itchy legs, even if i'm wearing pants.
I can't remember what I had for dinner last Wednesday.  You expect me to remember what I had over 16 years ago?
I was like 5 at the time so I think we just ate spaghetti like normal. my mum was the only person who knew about it my dad didn't watch news and worked at construction all day and I was in elementary school. I did hear about it in elementary school thought but I didn't quite understand what my teacher meant.
I wasn’t born at the time.
To lose a child or someone close. 
any kind of ongoing pain. If you once live through some kind of that, you would never wisht that to anybody.  To clarify: A facepunch is fully ok, if deserved. Torture is not human and is worse than death.
Success
Look within.
You sure you will have enough time to get rid of the body?
What?
cause ur autistic
The people from Arrival. Amy Adams and Jeremy Renner, I imagine they would be our best hope
Linguists, Physics scientists, Biologists, Historians, Anthropologists and the army if all else fails.
Inside a lady 
Use a tight underwear
I don't 
I finally achieved a career goal I'd set for myself in 2009. 
Becoming certain that I'm in a healthy, lasting relationship. 
25 Public Restroom Reviews 
Mine has to be from Scott Pilgrim vs The World when Ramona shows up to Scott's place to deliver a package and the fairy song from Ocarina of Time plays in the background
Bojack Horseman in fucking Escape from LA, as everything he does basically becomes breaking down. As he realizes that the hollywoo facade is just that. A facade. Normal people have consequences towards the actions they do. If you see the episode, you know what I mean.
Well I was born with it, so it's hard to compare it to anything. My depth perception is actually fine, I think, as I'm great at catching and being well coordinated? 3D glasses don't seem to do much for me and I suspect VR will be underwhelming too. I'm right handed but would have to shoot guns with my left because I can't look down the sights accurately enough.  I have to generally avoid heavy contact sport because the risk of detaching the retina of my good eye, leaving me totally fucked, is too high.
I fall apart - post Malone ;D
Little Brother - Starship 
I saw red - Warrant 
The square root of 12,345,678,987,654,321 is 111,111,111
PIE is 3.14 backwards 
Two plus two is four, minus one that's three.
Yeah my siblings teased me a lot. I don’t see much of them now...
My mother. My brother died when I was really young and ever since that I was always compared, i wasnt tall enough, wasnt smart enough, wasnt enough of anything. She is probably the reason I'm so depressed now. 
nope, school kids
I enjoy all the work related subreddits.   /r/TalesFromRetail    /r/talesfromtechsupport   
r/blackmagicfuckery
r/reactiongifs  I somehow only recently discovered this sub, and it gave me a chuckle.
When I was in high school, I was having a hard time. I was harassed out of one school, and when I got to the next I tried to kill myself twice. The only friend I had at the time, decided to "ditch me." I found out we weren't friends anymore when I went on Myspace and he unfriended me. I called his house and his mom told me he didn't want to talk to me anymore and I was crazzzzy (as if I wasn't already aware.) Fast forward a few months and I start getting calls, messages, emails, from strangers telling me to kill myself, how to kill myself, why I should kill myself. I had to change my number twice. I found out he put my phone number, my myspace, and my email on 4chan. It's been 5 years, and I am still having an incredible time trying to forgive him. He was my best friend at the time, and knew I was going through a rough time, it was incredibly hurtful and still affects how I trust others.
I won a Disney trip when I was 12. My father didn't allow me to go, because he has recently divorced my mother and wanted to fuck with her life. I'm brazilian and a trip like that costs more than the we make in a year, so I probably never going to have this chance again. It's been more than 10 years and I'm still pissed!
My uncle (dad's brother) didn't go to my dad's funeral. The cause was his wife. My parents and his wife hadn't seen eye to eye for some years but they would still talk to my uncle. She's incredibly controlling and makes up lies to push people (family) away and keep him all to herself (he had cancer for a while and this is when her controlling of him peaked). My uncle has broken down at my family home and cried to my parents about how awful and controlling his wife is and how desperate he is to get away from her...but as soon as he's with her again, he acts like everything is hunky dory and life is fine.  While my dad was on his deathbed, he came to visit and said that his wife wanted to come round and apologise and if she would be welcome at the funeral. My dad adamantly refused and rightly pointed out that she'd left it far too long to try to make amends. Cue arguments with him and my mother about how mean my parents are. This continued after my dad died. He would call up my mom to "discuss" things and then end up screaming down the phone at her when he realised that my mom wasn't going to change her mind about his wife not being invited to the funeral (bear in mind that my mother was grieving and crying constantly (her and my dad were together for 30+ years)). He laid down an ultimatum to my mom that if his wife wasn't invited then he also wasn't going in. So, he didn't go.  I haven't seen him since and have no intention of doing so. When there are family events involving my grandparents, either he gets invited or my mom and I get invited. I refuse to be in the same room as him as I know I'll smack his head in. He's a thoroughly unpleasant man, and the only person who I can refer to as a cunt in front of my mother without her telling me off, because he is.
There's a good anthology called What's Wrong: Moral Philosophers And Their Critics.
I’m not talkin’ ‘bout the linen...
Rage Against the Machine's cover of Renegades of Funk. I read an article saying some people heard it as "Redneck Kings of punk" and I now anticipate hearing it that way.
Last night you were in my room, and now my butt cheeks smell like you (Shape of You by Ed Sheeran)
Pure shite.
Worst fucking day of the year.
*Fuck you*  That's how it feels.
When she decided shagging my sons dad was a good choice. 
When they said speak to you about "it" tomorrow and it's been 8 months haha
When I realized that the only communication between us was on birthdays, usually in the form of a text message, and neither of us had bothered to even respond with a thank you. 
None. After all they're New Years Resolutions. If you can't force yourself to do or stop something immediately, making it a New Years Resolution won't change a thing.
Coping with my mental health better. It's been my resolution since about 2013 and by the end of 2017 I finally got there.
"Will Ferrell is as funny as the DMV crossed with the IRS." The company I keep really doesn't like his humor. 
Life.
What’s big, red, and eats rocks?   A big, red, rock eater.
What do you call four Mexicans in quick sand?? A: quatro sink-o (I’m allowed to use that one because I too belong to the bean race)
I have a friend that I met online a few years back.   He can be misguided or not have all the facts sometimes. He can be frustrating and downright piss me off. We have a lot of viewpoints where we differ based off of life experience. And we always find a topic to debate/argue about. But he’s a fierce friend and an extremely caring and fair individual.   I don’t believe there’s such a thing as an inherently good person, but I’ll be honest that he’s the only person I’ve met who has actually made me second-guess that belief.
By making it a constant ongoing effort, i dont have a cleaning day, if i finish eating, i wash the dishes, after cooking i clean the surfaces etc.   I do 2 minutes of work 10 times a day rather than a lot on one day
I enjoy neatness and organization.
It’s my whole lifestyle. Ever since I started exercising daily and eating clean/drinking tons of water, I started getting up earlier and being more efficient.  A tiny bit of cleaning every day>>>>a huge clean every week or month.  Plus it looks really nice all the time and that’s great to com me home to
Love 
money! 
Mine would be praise.  *sniff*
work 8am to 8pm grinds
Debilitating anxiety.
working 20 hours at a time on my own projects while i was unemployed.
Apple
Very specific, but the leader of my Town's council. She is being honoured by the queen, when everyone knows she is taking backhanders and is corrupt as fuck. Impossible to prove though, trust me i have spent a year investigating and gathering evidence 
Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Watson 
Nah. Don’t waste your time 
If you think they’re maybe troubled or alone and being defensive maybe dig a little deeper. If they’re just being a cunt they can go fuck themselves. 
Here's a vote for *The Skeptic's Guide to the Universe*
inb4 Hardcore History, History of Rome, Revolutions, Lore, Serial, S-Town
There are tons. Avoid the ones that are just celebrity wank fests, or the ones that center around D list comedians having weekly guests while being zany morning show DJs.  My favorite lately has been No Such Thing As A Fish.
Best: Hi, how are you? My name is ___. 
We would all be speaking German. 
Fake news. Fake news everywhere.
[supernatural briefly explored the idea](https://youtu.be/yAz6-sVFP28) 
I live next to a farmers field.
[deleted]
Because you killed all (many) spiders.
Take a piss.  You probably need to, anyway.
When you notice it just think - your DAD is probably getting up about the same time and your mom takes care of his.....
flex and unflex thigh muscles for a bit, it seems to take the blood flow away from your one-eyed trouser snake 
I bought a panini press and it's actually pretty great
Slap Chop, Forearm Forklifts, Foreman Grill, Shamwow, Oxiclean, Turbi twist, Turbo Snake, Ove Glove, etc...  The problem is most of them are over-priced.   To be fair it'd be pretty hard for the snuggy not to work. 
My airfryer. You can find them on sale on Amazon often!
United States has 50 states and its current president is a blonde businessman
News. Movies. Music. Books. Most Americans you meet will tell you about how it is back home and how much better it is than <insert your inferior socialist country here>.  I like when gun-toting rednecks try to feed me NRA _statistics_ about Australian crime skyrocketting to 200% after our gun recall in 1996.  Question: How much do people who live inside of America know about outside the United States?
quite a lot more than they know about the UK. The USA dominates media across the world in ways that they can't imagine. 
you're the last person they call when they want to hang out  had a friend who would come through only when her boyfriend was treating her like shit or when she'd need a ride later at some point. for example, asking to hang out at noon and then asking for a ride at like 130pm to another dudes place  
I knew I was getting used because I always had to pay for things. In several years of friendship, they never paid for a damn thing.   I was in university for the past two years, and my friend always wanted to hang out. I would tell her how stressed I was about my course and how much money I was losing, yet she didn't seem to care. She would get *angry* that I couldn't come see her and said I was being selfish. There would be months where I was crying due to stress and she didn't care one bit. She just considered *me* to be a selfish friend.  I made two really great friends during my course over the past two years and they care about me like friends should. They showed me what real friendship is and that's how I realized she didn't care about me at all. 
When they call you only when they need something.
Do you consider using vr and literally aiming down the sights cheating? Keyboard and mouse is just another controller.I wonder if you don’t comprehend what cheating actually is and are using that word wrong.
How is this cheating? You can do the same thing... most controller layouts have an aim assist where a keyboard and mouse would not. Quit whining and get better or just quit altogether.
I don't think it is cheating. It is how I prefer to play. 
If it’s the morning after a night out, he won’t hang around coz beer shits... 
Didn't you just ask this?
Shit myself.
I do Public Restroom Reviews on YouTube 
(NSFW?) I haven't fapped yet.  edit: in my entire life.
I can play steel pans 
Two men are on opposite sides of a river. The first man shouts to the second :  "How do i get to the other side of the river"  The second man shouts back :  "You are on the other side of the river."
Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance?  Because he had no BODY to go with.  Hahhahajah
my gpa
my mother's personal favourite:    "There was a young man from Peru   Whose limericks stopped on line two."
Why did the scarecrow win a Nobel prize?  Because he was out-standing in his field! 😆
Have you ever smelled moth balls before?   --Yes   Oh, how did you manage to get the tiny little legs apart?
Fight club 
The Usual Suspects  The Game
Shutter Island
I was fully hearing until age 5 then my hearing dropped to profound deafness in both ears. I can hear OK with hearing aids, but I do rely on lip-reading quite a lot. When I take my hearing aids out, it is complete silence, I once slept through the fire brigade kicking down my front door. I have great quality sleep :). My hearing dropped shortly after my speech had developed so thankfully I speak normally,  I sometimes mispronounce new words though. 
White noise and melatonin. 
Masturbate, if that doesn't work, stare at the ceiling wondering about what vile things I just fapped to
Reading books. Sometimes it only takes me a few pages but other times a few chapters. Either way, it helps to put the mind at rest which for me, is a relief.
Everybody, deep down, knows the answer to this (they just don't like the answer).    Go to bed early.    That's it. Go to sleep about 7 or 8 hours before you have to wake up.  
Get a baby. They wake you up hours before you need to be awake. 
At night:  *  Have everything for the morning ready to go (lunch packed, coffee ground, clothes out, etc.) *  Start winding down at a decent hour *  Disconnect from electronics (turn the TV off, put your phone away) *  Have a good pee *  Read a book to get tired  In the morning:  *  Set your alarm for a decent time that allows you to get ready with good time and not in a rush *  Ensure your alarm is away from the bed and makes you actually get up to shut it off *  Have a solid breakfast *  Do a little exercise to get the blood going 
I feel like a lot of men like ginger women, but not a lot of women like ginger dudes.  I LOVE ginger dudes. My first high school boyfriend was called Carrot Top by kids until we were 12, then Harry Potter came out and everyone called him Ron. Guys take a lot of shit for that orange hair lmao
eyes not necessarily the colour just how some people look around and seem so curious and day dreamy 
Slight acne or remnants of acne. My gf has slight hints of acne from her teenage years which I find kind of hot. She won't understand it so I just tell her "your imperfections are what make you unique"
A work colleague bought some Bitcoin years ago.
A friend and I sat down and discussed bitcoin when it was very new, maybe a couple of months old. I was lazy and he wasn't,he mined and bought a shitload, now he drives a lambo, and i drive a honda. 
my ex bought a house just before the bubble. sold it just before it burst. she made about $25K
The neighbor. My wife & her husband 
Absolutely nothing. Absolutely everything.
An astronaut. Years of specialized training and physical/mental prowess
I had my first "boyfriend" at 13, but I don't really consider that a relationship because I was so young and it lasted maybe 2 weeks.   I started dating my first serious boyfriend at 16 and we're still together seven years later. I don't think I was too young to start dating then. I was a pretty responsible and mature kid, so I feel that I was the "correct" age.   I feel like I was way too young to start dating at 13 because those short relationships never lasted and didn't have much substance to them. I really just dated my friends at that age, so it caused a lot of heartbreak when we broke up because I felt like I was losing a friend every time. However, it was a good experience. Heartbreak is scary, but it  can tell you a lot about yourself. It's all part of growing up. :)
Well, my first “girlfriend” was probably when I was around 13-14. That lasted about two days. I know I lost my virginity when I was 15 (nearly 16) and in my first long term relationship after about 3 months. That relationship continued for a couple of years more.  I don’t think I was too young or anything - you are a dork with things you haven’t experienced until you experience them. It was really just an experience of getting the “first times” out of the way so that I could do it all better when it mattered.
Avoiding eye contact, having nothing to say, not smiling, to name a few
They are married to my wife.
They post a question to ask reddit about socializing.
Pterodactyl.   Please do not ask any further questions.
There's a whole subgenre of dinosaur erotica on the internet. What.
I saw a video of two men. One man was fucking the other in his massively swollen penis. It was a flesh light. The swollen penis owner was double hand wanking while getting shafted in the shaft...   It haunts me 
9th Dimension Chocolate
Just pay an extra 9.99 for the answer.
One used on me when I was twelve. The game diablo 2. Enter game named: learn to dupe item.  Some 96 lvl mofo says first drop your items just outside of the gate go, around the fence so you are inside the gate but can still see the weapons. Then hold alt to select all the weapons then once they are highlighted press F4 to duplicate them!  Lost a bunch of runes to that dick dumpster. Learned a life long lesson though    Edit: another scam i fell for was being lured to duel in the wilds of runescape . Was jumped by wizards in waiting. 
The old switcheroo.
We don't
We don't. Why does that indicate being close?
to make a movie metaphor, if sex were a movie, we talk about the character arcs rather than the plot points. We don't go into positions, or any of that stuff. We just talk about the general emotions. 
Memes. The memes are excellent. 
Honestly can't name alot. I guess making people want to vote and get involved in politics. And those were indirect things. 
Teaching us all how important it is to vote.
Are you asking is it wrong to start university at 21? If so, no. I'm 38 and back at uni. Wish I'd done it sooner.
None. None wrong.
Im 22 with a 3 year technology diploma and a 1 year trade. I don't think I started too early. As long as you are doing something that you're interested and you want to be there I feel there isn't a bad time. Don't just go to college and get into debt because your parents want you to have a degree/diploma.      (Started at 17)
Day 2 in 2018 and im back in work. So crap.
It's great.  My family is in town, had an amazing couple of weeks. Only problem is I bought a shirt from Kohl's that dyed my skin black 5 days ago. It wont scrub out, but it will dye all of the clothes black that I'm wearing.  At this point is looks like I have a VERY heavy bruise all over my torso. I didn't get to dress up for New Years :(
Lost my wallet on day 1... so not too bad I guess?
Cigarettes by far. Saying this as a long time smoker.
Eating out every single day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner... I know people who have or are actually doing this and not only is it extremely costly but most of the time it's also extremely unhealthy. Make food at home, take leftovers for lunch... that way you control what's inside your food and you save money.
Bottled water. I’ve always felt that tap water is superior as it’s cheaper and doesn’t leave you with a plastic bottle for waste. I’ll buy bottled stuff only when I have no other choice, and I’ll usually save it and reuse it. Last time I bought bottled water was in September, and I still use the bottles.  Also I prefer the taste. Bottled water tastes all metallic.
Helicopter dick
Finger guns. Always, finger guns.  Source:  \- uhm, hi.. Molly.. I was wondering if you .. like.. wanna.. you know.. movie .. this weekend.. Saturday.. I'll pick you up.. err.. 6pm?  \- Sorry, Bill. Didn't see you there. Wassup?  \- *pew pew* (moonwalking away optional but recommended).  It's the long game, but you'll get there.  
What I do is just like smile excessively and talk about nothing. It's never worked for me, but it feels right. 
Prison break
Twin peaks when the murderer was revealed.  After that it was just clutching straws.  
Not a show but surely The Last Jedi.  Superman Carrie Fisher was a fucking disaster
With a raspberry and a bit of crispy white chocolate in the middle.
Two blokes came in and did a gick in the backseat. 
Kate beckinsale
Have you ever watched Harry Potter?
Natalie Portman is looking as fine as ever
Human.
his nickname is "pet a" as it's short for petabyte
Octodog. Large black spot in the middle of his back shaped like an 8.
In high school it was the in thing to do to diss Republicans, then I grew up and learned about politics.
I recently decided to consider myself an active supporter of the conservative party of Canada. I did not feel this way before, because before it was totally alien to me, to think of being conservative as an option. I'm from Toronto, and have pretty liberal parents. Leftism was always the only word, but then I grew up a bit, and started to think more independently, and made my own political choices. 
I realized the Democratic Party is pure trash. 
Astral projection.
Meatballs 
floor panel
RItter Sport
I've been just a little disappointed in each one, so I have to keep eating more every day in my search for the tastiest.
Chocolate rain
My will to live.
I would have to say someone jumping from 2 stories up and walking it off, someone called an ambulance but idk if he was high and/or drunk when he did it, he didn't seem to feel any pain from it.
Trump being president, for serious
Because just drawing shockwaves on a comic page wouldn’t be exciting for 60+ years
Because the sound comes from lightning
Thunder is just the sound lightning makes
Shockingly - no one appears eager to cop to ending another person's life.
A desert eagle. Slide mechanism is broken and I'm taking it to my friends to repair it.
Half a bag of lime and a dirty shovel
a dead body
I was making $16.50 per hour, I had 4 weeks of vacation per year, and five years worth of seniority under a terrible boss. I left that job for a similar job at a different company and now I earn $14.33 per hour, I have 2 weeks of vacation per year, and I'm at the bottom of the totem pole. But damn am I stress free and happy...
Less money but amazing workplace and people
I won't work for dickheads at all 
It's mostly popular in places that don't have pro teams. Ie Alabama
when it comes to international competition, it makes a little more sense to take pride in your country being good. If the 11 best Brazilians beat the 11 best Canadians at soccer, that's usually going to indicate what would happen, if 11 random Brazilians played 11 random Canadians. With nation wide pro sports, this isn't the case. The players on your NFL team are from all of the place, and the Giants being bad, really says nothing about how good the football players in New York are.   College Football doesn't make you go to your regional school as a strict rule, but there's a pattern of that. Generally, players are more likely to go to play for teams nearby, so there's more regional pride in college sports, compared to pro sports.  
Because colleges are more prevalent than professional sports teams.   Take American football (added American for the sake of clarity) for example - in the NFL, there are 32 teams spread across the country. Contrast that with Division 1 college football, which has 129 FBS and 124 FCS teams.   From a fan perspective, it's easier to associate oneself with a college, whether it's because the school is your alma mater, or it's right down the block from you (or at least closer than the closest NFL team).  From a corporate perspective, with almost 10x as many teams in college football, there are more marketing opportunities to be had. Granted, not all of those teams are viable as a branding strategy, but there are still more than 32 of them.  Another reason is that college football is played slightly differently from professional football. There are subtle rule differences, the most important of which (to me) is how overtime is handled. I much prefer college football over the NFL in this case. Additionally, college football programs are a revolving door. You have an awesome QB? great - he's there for 2-4 years. In the NFL, he could be there for 20 years. College football programs are structured around a coach's methodology, and players that are recruited most likely fit that structure. In the NFL, franchise offenses will mold their structure to fit their QB. 
I AM???? Goddam it condom. You had one job....
Because babies have good re-sale value
I tried to have an adult but the cheat codes were bogus
Take him, as he is obviously abandoned if I just happen upon him while he is crying for milk, take him to a Jewish orphanage. That should take care of the anti-Semitism.
Draw a tiny little mustache. 
Do nothing. Avoid time paradox.
Donald Trump to make a MAJOR Fuck-up.
Another terrorist attack 
Jordyn Jones will suddenly have a lot of fans
Bella Swan/Ana Steele.  I am not ashamed to know who those girls are.
Egg, from Arrested Development. 
My dad, he doesn't seem to exist D:
My home town has the best fry shop in the Netherlands! (as chosen by a radio channel, but to be fair, they do make the best fries). 
Two times football (soccer) world champions and land of the great Ronaldinho Gaúcho
We have corn. (from Iowa) 
Asking reddit what it done for New Years on New Years
Sleeping. I can sleep almost anywhere. 
Being a dad
I am pretty good at crocheting, but it's honestly not hard. Just follow the patterns.
motherlode
IDDQD and IDKFA. God mode and all weapons in Doom, I think.
AoE II ; aegis, cheese steak jimmy's, how do you turn this on. 
Double Cheeseburger from Five Guys.  You know what they say,   Dayum,   **DAYUM**,   #DAYUM!
Deep dish pizza from Lou Malnatis Pizza in Chicago.
Last May my partner and I went to Iceland for a month. We were recommended this restaurant in Ísafjörður, a town on the north-western coast. The restaurant was called "The Tar house" and basically, it was a grilled/fried fish restaurant where you ate whenever the ship came back in with the day's catch.  It was absolutely unreal. We ate cod, haddock, wolffish, rockbiter and many more I can't even remember.  I like fish quite a bit, but I never new fish could have such different textures from each other... The sauces and spices... Halfway through the meal when I started getting full a sadness came over me as I realized I'd never eat this good again. So I doubled down and ate till it hurt, spent the night breathing heavily on my side. 10/10, would do again. 
The ones I don't remember.
I have Dissociative Identity Disorder and alcohol is a major trigger for my "switches".  Before I knew this, I had a situation happen which eventually lead to my diagnosis,  I was with a group of friends from highschool, we had been out drinking and I started to act different and made very sarcastic and nasty remarks towards one of my friends girlfriends at the time, which caused a huge fight and caused us to stop talking for a short time. I remember everything up until the fight and then I remember I woke up at my best friend's house as myself, which is when he told me I need to seek help. We had been talking about this "voice" that I kept hearing, and it was him who suggested I had what he thought was schizophrenia at the time.  It turned out to be Dissociative Identity Disorder, and what I had experienced was the first time my alter self took control of my body. It would have eventually happened at some point, but I believe this first instance was brought on my alcohol.
When it beat me up and stole all my money
I immediately regret this decision.
"Now this is Podracing"
You're being very un-dude....
I didn’t
OK Cupid. Three years ago, wedding is in 2 months. 
Tinder , one date , 6 months ago in Seoul. 
Probably Antarctica or some other isolated island
New Zealand all the way! 
The swiss
still in the closet ☺
pretty sure you can only "come out" once
I had a friend ask her husband if she could sleep with me, because she was sure she could make me straight.
Idk
Politics. Until trump won.
Have to study for finals and I m so late ^^
Cop here:  You'd be absolutely amazed at how many criminals just blatantly post about their crimes on Facebook and other social media.
Anus.
I’d put superglue on someone’s eyelids.
At a zip-lock. They would never get it open...  *EVIL LAUGHTER*  
You must be new, welcome to Reddit! ^^/s 
Clearly you’ve been on the wrong subreddit   To expand, when you look at popular posts or comments you’ll only really see kind and gentle people. Why is that? It’s because all the mean and rubbish posts or comments gets downvoted to hell. What’s great is that downvoting things actually pushes them down into oblivion on Reddit. This is unlike other websites such as YouTube. On YouTube you will see most comment sections are filled with cancer. This is my opinion
Not all of them are. Reddit simultaneously brings out the best and worst in people, imo.
I wonder about Outdonesia.
How hard are the geography test there?    Example: Question 1: Which island is between island 23 and island 67 and is south of island 89?  
What is the most famous and tastiest cuisine in Indonesia? 
The Communist Manifesto. Even if you're not into Communism, it's an interesting thing to read about what they believe and are fighting for.
Comrade, you have failed mother Russia we all know the best manifesto is a communist one
probably none, theyre just written by some self important douche
Jewelry. 
The Cleveland Browns. 
Bitcoin 
White.
I'm a fan of Franzia. 
Personally I prefer a French red or a German white. 
Your face.
Cunt
Intent always cuts deeper than the actual word used.
Michael Jackson - Thriller
r/tipofmytongue
People who play the lottery often have never had a shitload of money before and are used to living paycheck to paycheck. Getting a huge chunk of money that they don't really comprehend has a tendency to make them go buck wild.  A lot of the time, they make purchases that they don't fully appreciate the hidden costs of. Like, they figure buying a house is a good idea. Except they've never owned a home and don't realize that they've got property taxes on that house.  Or they'll think they never have to work again (which would be true if they played their cards right), maybe invest a portion of what they won, but underestimate what their new expenses and debt obligations will look like.
Most people do not know how to manage money, especially a lot of money. It is very easy to spend money, a lot harder to learn how to manage it.  Also, for most people who live paycheck to paycheck any amount in the millions feels like infinite money. There is no such thing as infinite money. They spend without actually understanding if they can afford it.
Lots of people who play the lottery don't have much experience with money. They don't know how to properly manage it and they aren't used to having extra. So they think a million dollars will last forever. And it might if you invest and manage it, but it won't if you immediately start spending and living beyond your income.   The other thing is that when you win big, you can take the full amount paid out over years (I think 10 or 30 depending on the prize amount) OR you can take a smaller portion paid immediately. Well, if you aren't used to having cash and have the option to get it now, lots will choose the give it to me now option  
Sex work 
[deleted]
Writing. You can start your own blog VERY part time or work as a freelance writer for sites like iWriter, Freelancer, or Upwork. If you have a fun personality you can also video whatever hobby you have and create a following on a video blog on YouTube.
Was peeing,guy rushes into potty stall, clearly an emergency? I hear *zip* pants down to ankles, plop on seat and then a huge fart. Silence. Then I hear "huh". But this was like a delightful "huh" like he discovered something. Suddenly, pants go back up, *zip* and rushes out of the bathroom. I busted out laughing and I peed on my pants. 
Was at college needed to a quick break went to the bathroom for a leak. As I finished pissing I heard someone in one of the stalls whispering help repeatedly, asked if he was all right and he said he needed help with something. Was naturally a little sketched out and almost walked out but I went over anyways. I had to crawl under the stall. He ended up being a paraplegic who had fallen while trying to get into his chair, dick hanging out and all. I had to lift him from the floor to his wheelchair. It was a little awkward but I’m glad I helped him out god knows how long he would have laid there. He said thank you and I never saw him again. 
Some asshole was holding a mannequin head over the top edge saying " mind if I take a look? "
Nazis. 
using exotic fruits to cook. 
Sticking can openers under the car door.
All my Qatari 🇶🇦 neighbors.  They do less than fuck all and are absirdly rich. 
My dad. He left my family and took all the money. Even the money in my piggy bank while I was sleeping.
My sister .  Narcissic , self- centered and cheating bitch who is fulfilling her dream of studying architecture in Paris . Plot twist : she knows very little of the reality of the job market and salary expectations ..
The world won't end, World peace won't become the norm, North Korea won't stop being a thing, space isn't going to evaporate into a steam of rancid bubbly caramel froth.
Trump will NOT stay off Twitter.
I will not have a 25th birthday.
Dog turds. They used to be white after they dried in the sun. This was because of large amounts of bone meal being used as a filler in dog food. This practice has changed and modern dog turds now tend to be brown. 
Because
are you from Scotland? 
Are you saying that your brain is delicious?
depends of the country 
McDonalds left cornerback
Seriously - the service. As long as you choose a technical rating to go into you can get out with a paid for college degree and several years of experience in the field. Can set you up for a great career and a comfortable life. Just gotta put in the time.  
It is very draining for both of us . 
If it doesn't completely ruin everything, it usually puts a strain on things. There's only so much support a person can give (especially if they're not depressed themselves). Thankfully, my boyfriend is VERY supportive, both because he understands (being depressed himself) and because he genuinely cares about my wellbeing. The thing with both of us being depressed is that there's no pressure to do anything because we both just understand.
It definitely shows how strong your relationship is. As I was in a very bad state 4 years ago, I thought I was the one having a hard time coping. But later on I realized it was my partner who was having a really hard time. He was the one with a full time job whilst I was sitting at home trying to get my shit together. It happened too often he would find me crying in bed when he came home. When he told me (years later) how hard that was as he was trying to get me out that deep hole but couldn't do it, my heart broke. I learned you're in that situation together and you can get out of it; together.
Logan paul just uploaded a vid of a suicide victim to youtube (japanese suicide forest)  
Laughing at a dead body. 
Got kids hooked on watching them open kinder eggs or play with toys/video games when the kids have the same at home...
Ah yeah I blew up a toaster once 
My glass dildo setup
Instructions before being born. I totally missed that. Now I have to figure out how to put things together all by myself.
Harambe 
Me. I want a better me to replace me
Nic Cage
I really enjoy getting spoken to like shit and paid very little for a lot of work...   So I decided to work in retail 
Made my hobby my career. :)
I play csgo at work
I've always lived fringe class cause of how much fun poor people have if you know they weren't poor
When I was a kid All I wanted was to stay home and do nothing for the holidays.  I did not spend more than 3 months I haven ‘ t spent 3 months in the same country back then .  
Oh I lost emotions around 2014
Through years of conditioning by going to an all-male high school as a kid.
Take a nap.
because we notice it's value too late.
Eh, it's long enough for me.
It’s an illusion.
Obviously not. I have a wife I love like crazy and five children. Also other family and friends.
Personally I'd move to somewhere rural in Alaska or New England. Somewhere isolated and snowy. I don't like where I am and who I know in life right now. Every extension of my family is fucked. It'd be nice for a new start somewhere. 
Berlin cause Germany and German Football (or Soccer for you Americanos)
Gullible is written on the ceiling. 
Probably when they tricked us into thinking terrorists took over commercial airliners with box cutters or whatever. Box cutters? For serious?
Checking a light bulb in a light fitting... turned out to be a sun light
Money
A family of my own 
Leaving my country for good
Brush your teeth and snort some cocaine.
Close your mouth
Go to sleep before 10pm
I’ve been dealing with this for years. I make my wife sign a waiver every time we do it and I make sure to have an ambulance on standby or whatever.
Ask your mother
I carry insurance for this. Call your local agent.
A job that you actually like, seriously, a job that gives you satisfaction
Whatever is the most rewarding to you.
Educate yourself.
I used to run a pub then owned a food business. I now work as a labourer in the electrical industry.   Stress levels are way down, don't have to worry about whether I can pay myself, don't have to take work home with me and have a balanced life... Very happy with the switch. 
I used to work in workforce management/hr for Disney, up until two years ago when I got fired. Over the last couple years, I decided that I really liked being a lifeguard, so I am doing that full time while I grow my business. 
Having family dinner every evening at the dining room table.
Assisted suicide 
Trial of arms. Ya know how many  arguments I could of solved by letting the gods decide who is right?
To build good credit and pay upfront for a new  car. Even though I'm basically broke atm.
I stopped smoking.
As last year's resolution, I made no resolutions this year. Works. Can confirm.
Perry
Duck wombat.
Psyduck
Toilet paper
I always spend extra money on sponges. 
Q-tips
Their, there, and they're.
Poisonous and Venomous.  If it bites you and you die, Venomous. If you bite it and you die, Poisonous.
Some people think that if you're muscular, or you're known as the 'tough' guy, people RESPECT you more. No, they dont, people 'fear' you or they 'fear' the reaction that may come out of you, they dont RESPECT you, people feared hitler, but they dont respect him...
For a new member to join, an older member is sacrificed 
I think it's called victorias secret bc the dude was having an affair or something. 
I always thought it got it's name because primarily the items it sells aren't typically on display, like lingerie etc so it's a secret you're wearing them. But now you have me wondering... 
Probably tell them. You’d rather them know now and not go through with it than have them find out afterwards and get divorced. I personally would want someone to tell me so I didn’t make a mistake
Organise a slide show to show at the reception 
Speak the  truth! There is no room for cowardice when you have the power to prevent unnecessary suffering.
A friend of mine went for an MTV reality show's audition and bagged a contract with them instead. His career has only gone upwards from there as he is now a lead on a prime time daily soap based on a historical character (these kinda shows are always successful btw)  He was quite a simple guy in high school and was always there for you and had your back. He went into aesthetics during the latter years and went into modelling soon after school ended. Good for him opportunities were only a few months away from him.
He's actually my friend but he isn't THAT famous, he has about 50k followers on instagram and is a turkish radiopresentator, he was and still is one of the most beautiful, kindhearted people i have ever met
Social media has made it more about what you’re seen to be doing rather than actually enjoying yourself.
Darude - Sandstorm is by far the most superior club music I’ve ever heard and everything else today is absolute shit.
Smoking inside was allowed. We could wear sneakers and dress really casual. There was no posing. We all showed up without ego. We bonded with strangers. Everything was exciting and new and we had heaps of energy to hit 4 places in one night.
Probably because smoking tobacco has been proven to be bad for health, but smoking marijuana is a recreational activity that so far has not been linked to serious illness or death.
Everyone I know who smokes cigs has zero regard for their health and doesn't care about their life. Including myself. 
[deleted]
Because there is no such thing as "reverse white washing"  White washing occurs when a white person is cast in a role where culture, ethnicity and race are pivotal to the story line or the characters identity. Ie, Emma stone playing a character who was meant to be half Chinese.  Race bending however can occur when a person of colour is cast in a role assumed to be white but there is no race or ethnic identity linked to the character or story line, ie spider man home coming where Mary Jane is played by a person of colour even tho in prior movies she's been white, there was nothing to the story line or character that said she couldn't be POC.   As you see two different scenarios but often get lumped in the same category but shouldnt. 
Most "diverse" characters are written with their otherness in mind. Black Panther sticks out to me as a character that doesn't work as any other demographic, because his race is so central to his plots and characterizations. So if you were to switch it, the entire character takes on a different implication.  But most white characters are written as "Everyman" characters. There's nothing inherent in the Flash that is central to him being white. There's no important characterizations in Peter Parker that hinge on him being white or straight or cis. There isn't anything. Which, in my mind, is exactly why that kind of writing style is so horrible and vapid. 
Why put in the work to create your own characters when you can just steal others?
Ed Sheeran.
Rihanna
Emma Watson. 
I think they can do what they want, tbh im not sure what i want either, when i look at the world as it is now, i dont even want my children to grow up in this shithole
Kids are super hard work and expensive. Don't want them don't have them, and don't let any one pressure you other wise 
I think it's great they don't want to bring a baby to the world if they don't want to, nobody is in the obligation to have kids. I hate when people have kids just because they think that's what you're supposed to do as an adult or married couple and they just end up being terrible parents. Still, most of the country thinks that you should have kids if you're a woman (married or not), because "that's why you were born", very sad.
AMA - ask me anything 
r/purrito.
The red pill - some of the lessons you might learn there are truly incredibly hard to swallow and most people just don’t have that kind of will power.  A lot of people dismiss the red pill as being just way to extreme. It is extreme but being extreme is what it takes to succeed in today world be it woman, business or personal growth.  What makes it niche is also the fact that 99% of people don’t really want to be the better in life. What they want to do is wait for the weekend do they can drink beer and watch Netflix. Not that there’s anything wrong with that but it’s what makes it very niche.
When I start investing into it
How? People realising it was a great idea, but terrible execution.  When? Quite soon.
It's doing that now, isn't it?
The top and bottom have to be attached internally to keep it from inflating like a balloon. The attachment points cause the little indents. 
Strength and comfort. 
/r/ContagiousLaughter is a good subreddit to browse when you're feeling down.
Eat
If possible, go to gym or go for a run. It might be hard to force yourself, but the endorphins will cheer you up considerably, you will feel like you accomplished something, and you are doing something for your health. 
Megara- the hercules movie princess
Creed
Johnny cab. Does he ever think he should have become a doctor like his momma wanted
My sexual bucket list is simply "don't end up like the 40 year old virgin"   Only 15 years left to knock that one off 
An orgasmn
Recipient in a bukkake scene.
But I like The Police. 
There are many worse. However, the one that comes to mind was when my friend (22), wife(22), and I (23) were walking to McDonald's at 11:30 pm and got stopped because, "We looked underage." My friend had a beard, my wife was 9 months pregnant, and I am/was heavily tattoo'd. We were walking to try help induce labor and relieve her discomfort. This ass-hat makes us sit on the curb while he "verifies" our ID's. IIRC the curfew was 11p for <16 unaccompanied by an adult. 
My girlfriend got a ticket in the middle of October for making a left hand turn in an area with a ton of orange construction signs. There was small white "no left turn" sign but she also had a green turn arrow.  I filed a FOIA request to find out how many citations had been issued at the intersection from Sept 1st - November 25th. She has an upcoming hearing to contest it.  166 citations for an illegal left turn (all at $120 a piece). This is not a public safety issue. This is a revenue generating operation. 
Threes, she was sweet at two but now she cant talk back and shes a little brat
Threes! 
2 year olds are just little angry weirdos who are learning they are their own person and pushing boundaries.   3 year olds know more and ask ‘why?’ All the time. Constantly. They know what annoys you and do it on purpose.   So 2 year olds are little shites but they are learning.   3 year olds know what the are doing makes them little shites.  3 year old are worse.  
Easy! You don’t have to spend time obsessing over what to wear. It’s already been chosen for you!
Normal where I come from. Expected. 
British bloke here. I think there's less pressure on appearance in school in the UK because you're all dressed the same.  I think it was pretty comfortable too and I looked a lot smarter than I would've in my own clothes.
Emma Watson  If she tastes anything funny in the food
Alan Watts. We’ll talk about life.
My great grandmother. I never got to meet her. We would talk about whatever she wanted too. 
DO NOT move to Oregon or California. They are definitely not cheap!
Im from Puerto Rico and in my 2nd year of college. This last couple of months have been rough on me and also did some things that I regret. I want to take a break from the situation on my life and the island for at least a year or so. 
Maine is your best bet. 
I got married when I was 23. 17 years later, still happily married. It worked out well, but even though it worked, I still acknowledge that it was a bad decision. the results aren't the only thing that determines what a good idea is. If you're playing blackjack, have a 20, and then hit, and get an ace on the next card, it worked, but you're still an idiot for doing it. in the end, I'm happy that we made that decision, because it was what led to the best outcome, but I'm still self conscious about it around others, because I know that it was immature. 
Got married at 21 while in college, and I wouldn't change a thing.  It's great having someone to grow up with. Got our first house last year at 24, and have been trying for a kid for a couple years now. Hopefully we get there this year
My parents got married at 19 years old. They're 65 years old now and still act like High School sweethearts. 
Absolutely. Seems rather arbitrary and silly to put a big portion of your life on hold for so long because you're taking classes.
I think it’s good to get your heart broken before your older, it’s worse once you are married with kids.
Of course! It really is a case-by-case basis, but as long as both parties understand each other's priorities, and if it is indeed serious, then everything should work out. If someone gets jealous because the other is focusing "too much" on school for example, ya gotta talk it out. It doesn't seem like it should be too much of a problem if the relationship has a good foundation. 
Ordered a curry in a Thai place. It tasted like lemon washing up liquid 
Ate this store made prawn mayo sandwich once. Never again, I was ill for days. 
I once made out with a girl a movie theater and managed to loosen up a bean she had stuck in her braces that ended up in my mouth. Don't use your tongue on a chick with braces people.
For me using the pomodoro technique really helps me to start and focus on a task. Knowing that I can take that little break every 25 minutes helps me concentrate more intensely compared to when I just sit down and try to do something without any set methodology.  It's also proven to increase the effectiveness of getting said task done.  For me using certain apps designed for this technique helps me focus better than just putting my phone away. But YMMV
Sleeping second shift zzzzZZZzzzzz
Create a list and follow it. I was able to create a daily routine at work and as long as I follow it I get all of my work completed in a timely manner.
I worked as bottom bitch (cleaning cars) at Enterprise for ~3 years. Mine was a "training branch" so I saw dozens of new suits learn the ropes. Home city (non-airport) offices are staffed by very few people (~5 per day even in moderately-size ones) so I learned a lot about the retail side of things.  Damage depends on the company, good ones will be up-front about constitutes "damage." We had an actual "damage evaluator" tool with the big points like scratches, dents, glass damage literally printed on the tool.  As far as insider tips go? Call ahead of time or reserve online. Walk-ins are second rate citizens by default. Expect nothing if you just show up. Airports are different but you still lose out to those with reservations. No, making a reservation on your phone as you drive to the office will not work. We had people try this, the reservations had timestamps for when they were created.  Rental is a sales industry, don't forget it. If you hint or outright state you're getting any substantial optional coverage (damage waiver) many suits will bend over backwards to help you. doubly so if you go for full cov (supplemental liability). Upgrades will get you similar treatment if available. Reserve a full-size but ask about the SUV and watch their eyes light up.   Rates, while technically negotiable may not always be flexible. This is HIGHLY variable from shop-to-shop and day-to-day within them. Use your leverage. There will be a floor to the rate, based on the company's estimated rate of depreciation for that model. The mark-up will be higher during peak months (summer, Christmas) whereas during the off-season (mid Sept - November, January - April) rates will typically be at their lowest. This **only** applies to retail customers. If you are renting for insurance-replacement or through your employer's corporate account then rates are pre-negotiated and there is nothing you can do on that front, since they are already discounted.  Coverage: Call your insurance provider before you ever talk to a rental employee. Your coverage probably extends to the rental but you can still be liable for damage, even if you are not at fault. As far as your insurance is concerned, you *damaged someone else's property* and that shit has to be paid for. Ergo, liability claim on your policy and you pay out your deductible. Better than not having coverage at all and being liable for the full repairs. We had four optional coverage policies. I am less well-versed in the nuance of these so I'll stick to what I know.   The **Damage Waiver** (DW) is the most common form, prices vary nationally. In my region (New England) it was $14-$22 depending on the vehicle. I hear other places (SoCal) it's more like $5-$10. DW basically takes your insurance out of the equation; if you damage the rental, the rental company eats the whole cost and doesn't say anything to your provider. It's good peace of mind but cost can be prohibitive. This is what suits **live** to sell, there's little reason to take any other coverages without the Damage Waiver. The **Roadside Assistance Package** (RAP) is basically the company's version of AAA: flat tires, out-of-gas, and lockouts. I don't recall if it covers lost keys (the fee for this is **substantial**, $200+) so watch out. **Personal Accident Insurance** (PAI) basically covers medical costs for you, and your passengers in the event of an accident. These three together (DW + PAI + RAP) are typically packaged as "Basic Coverage" as this was an easy way to maximize the up-sell. It also gives room to negotiate by cutting it down to just the DW. Last is the **Supplemental Liability Protection** (SLP) which covers any damage you cause to *someone else's property* in an accident. This is usually pricey (~$15 per day) and most people don't take it. All four coverages (DW + PAI + RAP + SLP) will be pitched as "full coverage" and usually this will only sell to high-rollers or people who aren't actually paying for the rental and want the ultimate peace of mind.   Misc: Ask questions. Suits are expected to know way more than I've explained here and if the walls aren't coming down will be happy to answer your questions. Make your reservation over the phone or in person as far in advance as possible. This lets you ask all you want without worrying about wherever you need to be or the people behind you in line. We never held it against anybody if they wanted to read the contract for themselves, in part or in whole. At most they were asked to step aside so we could help someone else in the mean time. You can be charged a detailing fee ($150) for smoking or excessive mess (I saw some gross fucking cars) **only** if the car actually gets detailed. Most smokers got a warning, YMMV. Be firm, but respectful and escalate to management if you feel you are being mistreated. Some suits are scumbags, rarely do they consume the whole office staff.   Finally, an ERAC specific tip: **fuck off with the weekend special.** $10 for a compact car (we never actually had compacts, enjoy your free upgrade) is a steal and costs the company money. The idea is to build a customer base with it, get people in the door. Taking that shit every weekend is like going into a five-star restaurant and filling up on the free bread after ordering a glass of wine.   Happy to answer any other questions I can.
On vacation with a rental car right now. We have never had a problem with it, but make sure you don't get blamed with previous damage. My dad takes a video of just walking around the car at the start of the trip just to make sure.
My partner used to work for a car rental company. When you get the car make sure you take time to check for damage before you accept it, make sure you watch them write it down and take a copy of it .if you are picking up the car at night take a torch in case the place is not well lit, if the car has damage they may put it in a darker area of the yard. Most places will give their employees bonuses for finding damage and if it hasn't been noted they will charge you for it also check the petrol and make sure it's at the level they have written down otherwise they will cheat you on it. They will try and sell you a bunch of other stuff and it's mostly unnecessary but if you are going to take it to another country e.g from England to France you do need to tell them.  Car rental people are evil they make their money by ripping the customer off.
Me
99,731,620 of us.
I'm on Boost for reddit! Just way better.
Any and all stories from the WWII era. 
Did you ever let slip a fart in front of anyone famous and blamed the dog?  
Will Charles be a kind someday ? 
I did some ads and modelling for a company. Incredibly well known. My life changed by people I know going 'hey I saw someone who looks exactly like you on telly' and getting a few odd looks from people out and about like they couldn't quite place it.   Pretty spectacular stuff. 
I won our national ski race (giga slalom or superG) when i was 16 . My name was on all the local and some more well-known newspapers . I became the "ski-god" of my country and whenever i were going to ski centers i was asked to sign pics (didn't even had a sign yet) and pics with me. I have been told that i was recognized by my ski suit (a white-black with red flames)  and my helmet (a dragon pouring flames) . Dude didn't I look facking amazing . Now i am a med student who is randomly recognized as the flame guy from tv 
You'll have money
You can have a little bit of spending money to go along with your $50k+ debt.
You learn time and money management, have references for when you graduate college to better find a job, get a better feel for what kind of career you really want, and gain skills in responsibility and sometimes ingenuity
"Wait is George Washington alive?"
She was telling me that her last lover left her because she got pregnant, she had her baby and gave it up to Foster care. She regrets it very much, she tells me that she can only see her son once a week. She then tells me that she had sex almost a month ago at the time with some friend of hers that was a meth addict, he tells her that he has low testosterone so she assumed that she will be fine to have sex with him. She's upset that she's pregnant again to my face at a Zupas. She then says that she converted from Latter Day Saint to Christian, she says that it's all gods plan that she is getting pregnant. For an 18 year old, she's fucking retarded.
When we sat down to dinner at the restaurant and he said he'd already eaten.
lets see,  1. Mongolians tried it (genghis khan) 2. Turks Tried it (ottoman Empire) So did the Macedonians (Greeks to be safe)  3. Romans tried it 4. British have tried it 5. Germans have tried it.  I dunno. Toss up between norway/denmark/australia. But i want the food to be pan asian from turkish falafel to  thai curry and vietnam egg rolls
France
Antarctica.  
I was gonna say my air compressor, but seeing all these “brain” and “smile” answers I think I’m not doing something right. 
Brain.
Smile 
My health
Self reliance.  You are a living being, and before dying you will be alone more than once in your life, act accordingly.
My job. (Helping kids in school)
Tomorrow
Small school assignments: the day before it's due  Important school assignments: the day before it's due :/
It’ll get done when it gets done. And you pestering me about it is making me not want to do it at all, so don’t push your luck.
I would try r/loseit rather than r/askreddit. 
that right about the appropriate weight, maybe work out if you want to see a difference  
Your probably thinking about this in the wrong way.   You want to lose fat, not just weight, to make a positive physical difference, not just a difference.  You may even want to add muscle to make a difference in the another direction.  
Dating.
Carrying something big and unwieldy, which clearly isn't meant for one person to carry.
Having a conversation.
The one that has rippled through time the most and caused the most debate leading for some to believe in it..... The Bible. I don't think there is a book that has had more influence, if influence can be a gauge of greatness
Between the years of like 2007-2009 (I was 10-12) I played Super Smash Bros. Melee (and later Brawl) with a bunch of kids in my neighborhood and never lost. 1v1, 2v1, 3v1, couldn't lose. I wouldn't say I was good, more like they were *really* bad. So for like 2 years I beat up on my neighborhood friends in Melee, until one dude showed up. That kid was crazy good and was the closest to beating me, and he always got closer. Then I finally got a Wii and then Brawl, so we started playing that and Melee. Randomly one day that really good smash player came over and wanted to play a winner take all kinda thing. I thought yeah sure why not. So Final Destination on Brawl, he picked Sonic and I picked Ike. I was down 3 stocks to 1 when I said "I think you beat me. I don't think I can come back from this." And as he was celebrating, I took a stock. I don't remember the middle part, but I remember dodging his forward smash and clocking him with mine to win the game. The dude got up, shook my hand, and I never saw the kid again. I did play more with the other kids, but they never beat me. Considering I haven't played Brawl/Melee since then, I still technically haven't lost in a smash game. And you can bet I'm never touching a GameCube controller again just in case. 
Slow walkers  People who spit 
People who are intolerant of other cultures and the Dutch.
The “ I am a nice person “ narrative . 
Yeah. Still talk. Most of them go to the pub weekly together.
No, although I'm still in college. We go to different schools, and I drove them away because...I dunno. I really didnt mean it, though. It's sad because I don't even miss them.
Never had one
Groundhog day
[The Man From Earth](https://youtu.be/UjjZKvq7Q7o)
Aftermath : Population Zero
Idk about anyone else but if I’ve pulled an all nighter, I feel hungover. 
Euphoric and spiritual. I work nightshift and I love everything about it.
When i was younger, accomplishment, now that i am old with responsibility, still accomplishment, but laced with regret and the knowledge that i will struggle during the day!
Litecoin.
Sell it to someone for $10.
You could buy a movie
I’m a gray alien and no I don’t. I eat 9th Dimension Asian Seaweed.
Duh. Food is food.
Well, yeah, of course. And food from European countries, and Mexican, and...  I mean, food is food, why would it matter where it came from?
I had a dream once where a priest was trying to sell me biscuits.  Anyway, mid sentence his eyes melted and he didn't really mind until I mentioned it. He didn't scream so much as yodelled.        
Once I dreamed that in my bedroom there was another me. Both of us panicked and somehow started to fight. The dream ended with me killing the other me with my bare hands  It's been a few months and I still sometimes feel I'm not alone in bedroom
I was chasing Dr Doofenschmirtz and Perry the Platypus through an underwater maze. They had a submarine and I didn’t, but they were the ones drowning.  Guess it was karma for the puppy they ate at the start of the dream?
I can't think of a single job that I'm above doing, especially if the alternative is being homeless.
I would rather do any job than be homeless. 
Any job that goes against my morals
getting into a reddit fight doesn't make both parties look stupid, until the moment that reddit fight goes on long enough to have at least 4 responses from each side. Nobody can not look stupid getting into a reddit fight that goes that long. 
Without a doubt... Twerking.
Duck-lips.
A friend's family used cloth napkins for every meal, so we do. I liked Lana's cursive Ls, so practiced them. Another family used a non-denom/non-deity Vietnamese(?) prayer that was cool before meals. What's yours?
My friend is very organised and I’m not. This year she bought me a calendar. I’m meant to write my rota, appointments and school holidays on it as these are what I forget the most.   I’m hoping it helps! 
My bf gets up at the same time every morning and gets ready to go- even if he doesn't  have anywhere to go. He never just lays in bed all day like I do. 
Ass hair sucks. Balding sucks. It's like a goddamn migration.
Getting to a safe area where you can finally scratch and unstick your balls from your leg feels great.
random boners can be really inconvenient.
Well I guess this counts: Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, one of the better entries
Valkyrie Profile series, Legend of the dragoon, Legend of legaia (the psx one)
Not many people I know have heard of the suikoden series. the Last remnant is pretty good too. aselia the eternal, Trails in the sky, and phantasy star series are also solid.
I appreciate the intimacy and vulnerability of it. Men are so stereotyped to be masculine and alpha, but it gives them a vulnerable and more sensual side.
Im also bisexual. I think kissing between any two people can be hot as long as the two people are attractive and there is passion behind it. But I prefer seeing girls kiss. I guess its because Im not a man, so I cant relate as much to a man who is kissing.
No. Watching others making out, without a narrative for build up and/or with a score to go with it does nothing for me. Regardless of gender.  Even if they're super hot. (I mean, good for them and all, congrats on the kissing)  I might as well be squishing Barbie dolls together and make kissing noises. It has the same effect. I guess I just have zero voyeuristic tendensies. 
You might wanna put a [Serious] tag on this.
World domination
Been there and did the following things. Some i recommend, some depends and some definitely do not do!!!!  1. If you are in a job or University - do not fuck it up. DO NOT!!!!! consistency is maintaining normal healthy life is important. If not please start corrective measures. ( i fucked up here partly, part time job was steady and good money, messed up semesters though)  2. Get off social media for a while. FB/Instagram are just voids we fill and not in a good way, you tend to feel the world has forgotten you and moved on happily in their lives. But do not cut ties with family and few close friends. Talk them everyday if possible, gives you context and reminds you that people love you. Always remember that people out there love you  3. Activity - Anything that helps you get out and forget your life for a small period of time. Hiking, wall climbing, fencing, sports, dancing, anything where physicality takes over your brain and you forget whats happening internally.   4. DO not get a pet. This has messed up a friend who got a cat and had to leave the country, literally abandoned the cat for multiple weeks, before we found it a home with an old lady.  5. Stay away from bingewatching shows or make your self a recluse. six hours on a sunday is fine. Finishing 8 seasons of supernatural in two weeks in not fucking healthy (Im guilty of that). 
You're in a foreign country, that means you have many destinations to explore, go and do a lot of tourism while you can and enjoy your stay.
Loud yawning 
Texting in weird abbreviations/emoji/slang. I can read it from other people with no issue, but when I catch myself about to respond in a similar format, I get so annoyed.
I have bottled it away and only let it come out when I’m on my own. Its hard to look at memories sometimes but i am so much better off. I guess i didnt really handle it now that i think about it, but not sure i was equipped to when it all went down.
I once saw a girl at a train station platform wearing a cute Totoro beanie.  I commented on it saying it looked good.  She smiled, I smiled and our eyes held each other’s attention for like 10 seconds.  Then the train arrived, she got on and I never saw her again.  Don’t even know her name.
About 10 years ago a woman approached me in the street and called me by name. I’d never met her before and was like “ummm...sorry, have we met?”   Apparently I’d been chatting to her on an online dating site (I hadn’t: I’m very much gay,) for a few weeks. She knew far too much about me: my job (down to the name of the place I worked at that time) and where I lived etc.  I made my excuses and left very quickly. I still have no idea who she was and how she knew so much about me. 
I went to work
My dick erupted
Link all of your co-workers paperclips into one long chain then put them back where you found them, preferably in one of those little paperclip cups. And have the one on the end poking out of the top so when they go to grab it they pull out a long chain of paperclips instead.
Look through your landline phone manual if you have one, I found an Intercom system on ours that hadn't been blocked or disabled.  Used it to comm in on my bosses phone, spooked the fuck out of her by whispering "Janetttt, Janettttttttttttttttt!" down the phone. Then the rest of the day was filled with it, boss commed into general managers office and freaked him out etc.
Put cable ties on everything.
Sadly, Bible Man....
I think probably the Lion King. I was never actually that into it, but I was babysat by that movie a lot. 
Raiders of the lost ark.
It's currently 6 F degrees out. Thermostat is at 60 F. It feels very cold in here  EDIT: Degrees in F
Outside temp: Nine degrees Fahrenheit  Thermostat: 68 degrees Fahrenheit.
11 degrees Fahrenheit outside.   Set at 68 inside. 
Yeah, i'm still into cryptos.
I’ve lost 2 friends to these weird cults. They changed and it’s all they talk about 
My mum was drawn into herbalife by a friend she went to gym classes with. She gave her a few free samples at first to try out, then next thing you know my mum has got her own stock and is trying to flog that shite at other classes. Me and my dad jumped in and caught it early on, but she's still adamant that the products are incredible and that she was going to make decent money from it eventually. 
ClintonMail by Bathroom Server Inc.
mIRC
The one you don't use.
Work Out
Cooking your own food, and cleaning up after yourself.  
Reading a paper everyday 
Onision, there is something deeply wrong with the guy.
All of them
Basically anyone whose only form of content is straight up bullying (not criticizing) other youtubers. It is extremely unprofessional and shameful, and that breeding of drama and negativity isn't good for anyone.
As a courtesy to them, I don't discuss my period, or child birth in a predominantly male group. I am, however, comfortable doing so. They are usually not lol
Cum. The amount of times it comes up (almost all of them non-sexual) is extremely odd. It just doesn't seem like a great topic to toss around a mixed group. 
Vasectomy experience.   I can level with other guys and tell them what it's like step-by-step from the perspective of another guy. Can't precisely explain a sensation similar to a rubber band flicking your scrotum to a group of people (women) who don't have one to begin with. 
#the game
Silence of the Lamb. Just the part with the entomologist though. To this very day I'm scared of moths and butterflies.
Requiem for a Dream. ‘Nuff said. 
There is a charity organization in my country that collects plastic bottle caps, recycles them, and uses the money from recycling to buy wheelchairs and other supplies for handicapped children. Last year around Christmas, someone broke into their warehouse and stole several wheelchairs, other equipment, and two tons of caps. I actually had to puke after I heard that story. 
The girl that got raped at a party or something and then was raped by like 2 more people separately before she could even get home.   That girl who was raped by her relative several times and was executed for "crimes against chastity." She also only confessed to it under torture.
Logan Paul taking advantage of someone who had reached the point of suicide to grow his YouTube channel.
Laminated lamb chops Spicy chicken  A salad no one touches but if it isn’t their people ask for it 
brisket or tri tip medium rare brisket moist well cooked sides
Nopales without a doubt
Quite a lot, imagine trying to make sure 250,000 schools across the country all met basic standards for education? 
Save Betty DeVos her own money in furthering her own religious beliefs and instead funnel Government cash into her mad and divisive schemes to prop up religious schools where God is all important and learning is second to 'His' wishes.
Trust me, you don’t want education to be unregulated. 
I set percentage based goals, so I don't fail if I miss a few days. This allows me to save up days and splurge on Christmas. For last year, I only failed 1 resolution of 4, which also happened to be my only absolute resolution.  This year I'm continuing last years resolutions, I had a 4% flex rate which I'm going to make 3% this year, I might cap it at 2%.
Broke it yesterday
Me. I failed NoFap again :/ Time to start my counter again ....
Geocaching: https://www.geocaching.com/play
jacking off
Drawing 
Would you rather have a penis the size of a nipple or nipples the size of penises
Would you rather shag a goat and no one find out or not shag a goat but everything think you did?   Would you rather watch your parents have sex every day for a a few year or join in once and never witness it again? 
Would you rather shag your mom in your grandma's body, or shag your grandma in your mom's body?
I recently stumbled upon 'the Limmy show' and love it, in particular Dee Dee.  If you know it, how do you think it represents Scottish people? And was it well received in Scotland?
do they wear kilts when its freezing out
Do people actually use bothys?  Can anyone use one?
That you don’t make a resolution. It’s the only one I’ve ever kept to 
Not to worry about having a New Year’s resolution, it’s going well so far. 
"I will gain 20lbs."
Girls are easier distracted with other things, so I wouldn't say it's being horny all the time. If all else fails, yoga or other exercise helps! And why would you not feel wanted? After an age, most men cannot go on all night, every night but they can satisfy you fully a few times a week. If you're not satisfied when you have sex with your boyfriend it would be good to find out why and how you can work on that together (as a bonus you get more sex as practice!) 
I masturbate a lot. The "not feeling wanted" part is harder to fix, though. Usually I just try to distract myself that'll boost my confidence in other ways: usually by creating stuff, or making myself real pretty.  
i do find it really difficult. Im a burlesque dancer and that involves being sexy and seducing the crowd - this really helps with the feeling of not being wanted by my SO. but if im honest, the best way to get over that feeling is to have a stern word with yourself and remind yourself that its not that he doesn't want you, he just doesn't want to have sex at the moment.  also, SELF LOVE!
Honestly it's to be expected, the majority of subreddits are moderated by liberal lunatics who are either easily offended or try to censor anything that doesn't cater to their PC standards.
Make your own subreddit  With blackjack. 
Send a message, try to appeal
'I don't like Mondays'  Quote from Wikipedia: '16-year-old Brenda Ann Spencer fired at children in a school playground at Grover Cleveland Elementary School in San Diego, California, US on 29 January 1979, killing two adults and injuring eight children and one police officer. Spencer showed no remorse for her crime and her full explanation for her actions was "I don't like Mondays. This livens up the day"'.  This served as inspiration for the popular Boomtown Rats song.
"cross your legs ladies, it smells like a damn fish market here!"
Two of them... I did not realize until I was much older that most Bugs Bunny cartoons had little background things that only adults would notice. I can imagine adults stuck watching cartoons with a sick kids snickering to themselves when they saw things like Bugs Bunny's refrigerator down in his hole emblazoned with the brand name Coldern'ell or an office door belonging to lawyers named W.E.Cheatum and Howe. It's like a secret world. When my kids were little and happened to be watching old(er) cartoons, I could stop & watch for just a couple of minutes and sure enough, something would pan by in the background almost every time. 
The bird of love is a dove but the bird of true love is a swallow.
That I wasn't a virgin (catholic school) because I had gone to a male friend's house. I got the notoriety of being the school skank and shunned by the 'good girls' and anyone else who wished to impressed the world with avoiding me, the tramp and slut.   He was gay and I was a virgin until way after high school. 
That I'm a lesbian/asexual/aromantic/a prude because I'm the only girl who is very vocal about the shittiness of 'Fifty Shades of Grey', both because the writing is atrotious and the BDSM ain't BDSM at all.  Excuse me for being (secretly) promiscuous and somewhat knowledgeable of better written porn (both film and literature) than the average high school girl...
Did you have a ridiculous rumor about you?
Talk to a psychiatrist?
More drugs needed.
You okay buddy?
I was born in 1994. In June. In Rwanda. 
:-|
I was born into this scary fucking thing we call life.
Their brains.
Cicret Bracelets were supposed to project beans of light onto your arm, and recognise where you put your finger down. The idea was to take everything from your phone and put it into a bracelet. The Cicret bracelet was supposed to be finished last year, and it is widely believed that the designers gave up. No one will use something like this for a while, I guess.
Fax machines
To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lamentations of their women.
Successfully releasing a huge fart quietly in a crowded place with no smell. Makes you feel like a master of stealth. 
Two sex.
Suicide.
100%, major exploits and glitches allowed.
Print out a warrant of arrest for them. That should make them feel wanted.
> girlfriend**s**  Well if I were to ever have plural girlfriends, I'd start by not telling them about each other...
Actually listen to what she wants
Nanomachines, son!
Computer Science 
Graphene.... 
First Colonoscopy. I don't like the idea of being put under anesthesia and I know the inevitable farting that follows will be recorded by my SO to be uploaded to social media. 
Having to leave college and the friends that I have come to love.
Anything involving a needle. Blood getting drawn, anaesthetic, vaccine, I dread everything.   I don't know what I expect to happen, but my brain goes absolutely haywire at the sight of those damn shiny sticks. 
I think its really weird when the groom pulls off his wifes garter with his teeth while his mother, grandma and aunts cheer in the background
These 2 people who obviously hated each other got married
I was at a friend's wedding and a guest seated at our table had declined bringing a +1. Before dinner, the guest (the plethora of wine consumed, rather) decided it was a good idea to invite a +3. 3 random people snuck in and immediately started eating the cookies, just waiting for dinner. The bride noticed and the bride's mother had to kick them out. Unphased, the guest took to the floor and performed the worm. 
I saw a guy beating a 5 year old boy with a belt next to the road for wanting a pee. Although that was in Oregon. 
Drinking trashy water.  Made me so sad. Also made me wonder, if anyone in first world countries realise what a fucking privilege that is.
In India I saw a dead guy lying on the street  Took 5 days before they finally came to pick him up
In a fight with my dad: "it's unfair being stuck with you as a father". context: he keeps saying he can't change his ways due to where he's from and that I have been the perfect child..   I meant its unfair being stuck with his ways, but not him as a father. I deeply regret having been lead to saying this by my emotions. 
i asked a women "how it hanging?" i had no idea what it meant 
i say— things
Don't really know to be quite honest. 
Today
Rum
Jefferson Starship.
Normady. We'll bang ok?
Red Dwarf 
Last summer. It was the first face-to-face visit with my partner after eleven years of knowing each other and six years of being in a steady relationship. I didn't know I could be happy like that. I didn't know I could live someplace where I felt loved and safe. 
none.  
I would go back to 1987, and without changing the single 'Dirty Diana' from Michael Jackson.
~C
Send me $10 and I'll tell you.
Send out 1,000,000 emails who will win next footy game half to one team half to the other  then send out 500,000 to the ones who won and repeat for the next two games.  then when its at 125,000, they will think you have predicted the last four. Tell them to send you ten buck and you will give them the winning team again
Day trading alt coins
I'm not one of those people but I'm willing to bet a lot of the "how do you justify it" comes from a powerful desire to eat or to provide for a family - Jobs aren't **always** easy to come by and not everybody made the best choices for their careers earlier on in their life.  I'll tell you right now that if I had kids and the only available job was as a comcast rep. . .Well my family would be far more important to me than my pride.
$20 is $20
Have been a door-to-door sales rep for 1.5 years. I did it for the money, since I had to pay some hefty bills and was very desperate.  Next to selling charity subscriptions in a form of a 'gift' I also had to sell lottery-ticket subscriptions to everyone between 18 and 75 years old. The lottery company would have us hand out 'free' lottery-tickets. Little did the buyers know they would be stuck to an annoyingly difficult to cancel subscription after signing. The sales reps weren't allowed to tell the buyers this, obviously. By some people, whom I liked at the door, I tried to explain the signing rules as ambiguous as possible to scare them out of it.  
Maybe they are retaining sovereignty like a captured republic? 
Excuse me, are You talking about?
Dave! Haven't seen you in a year! how are you doing?
dont worry you can shake my hand i havent masturbated since last year
I have slept for 21 hours since last year
Just came from my exchange year in Asia , met a guy there , one time , just passing  by .   We met again in Paris on the 26 and totally fell in love .  Plot twist : He lives in London and I in France .   TLDR; 4 countries en 6 months , met my crush in 3 ... this is really getting complicated
That one.
The one I haven't tried yet...
Pikachu !
12 or so i hit puberty at 11, my friends mom thought i was a 30 year old man calling for her daughter
I swear I've been playing with myself since I was 5 or younger, but I was 11 when I truly discovered masturbation and by that time I was doing it daily. 
10
Of course. You have to make sure you sleep while the monster under your bed is sleeping
Probably ! But it's also probably different from person to person. If I get my sleep earlier, eg 10 til 4 , I feel great, but if I do 12 - 6 I feel like poo. (I only need 6 hours)
I usually work 5-4am or 7-4am I find myself sleeping well into the day(2-4pm) If I don't set an alarm I usually feel shitty if I do though. I think It really depends on the person I know people who can work 16 hours sleep for 2 and do it over again no problem.  
Find some lifelong friends and/ or boyfriend as long as they like anime and my shit taste in music edit: took out the 'i couldnt care less' bit.
Anal.
Find love, atlast
Present
that retirement is the life goal because you dont have to get up early and/or put up with bosses and customers. 
'that's a great question, let me get back to you with an answer'.  This is the kind of thing CEOs and those under pressure from a congressional committee spout.
Managers talking shit and gossiping about their employees.  If you hire an idiot and have the audacity to complain about what an idiot they are, you're a bigger idiot and should not be a manager.
Being late, i cant stand it i have been late 6 times in 7 years and those were do to some really unforeseen circumstances, some people are late 6 times a month and all the higherups do is shrug 
People always procrastinating whilst working. E.g. looking at Reddit the whole day.  Also hypocrisy and people being ironic
are you u/bokchoibb who just posted this same question in the same sub 1 min ago?
I liked the attention.  (For what it's worth this was 15 years ago and I'm a very different person now.)
I was in an emotionally abusive and neglectful relationship that I didn't know how to get out of.
Marijuana, especially edibles, is not a joke. It might not work for everyone, but I know someone with rheumatoid arthritis as well as some other neurological conditions and based on his experience, it's worth at least trying if you have the means to do so. He isn't pain-free by any means, but his quality of living went way up and he was able to cut out a couple other synthetic painkillers that were having very negative side effects.
Pain is exhausting, that doesn't go away just because you get used to feeling it. Try to factor this into your plans. Events that go for hours or all day may not be possible. If in doubt, ask. Also, just because they say they can handle an activity in the morning, doesn't mean they won't hit their capacity to cope part-way through your plans. It can be trying for everyone involved, if you're getting frustrated (and there will be times that you do), it's likely that they are feeling frustrated too.
It's pure psychological torture
Because I needed to find out if I was gay... Turns out I am LOL
"Good, it works. Why did that sign say it doesn't?"
"Remember no Russian."  *cocks gun*
"In 3....2....1... damn, it didn't go off."
New Year Full-blown Ego Dissolution.
Got a bf .. for a month ^^
Getting a job, losing some weight and finally start to love myself. 2017 was great
Exist. 
i started smoking at 10
Smoking young
That women were routinely fired from their job after their marriage because everyone expected them to get pregnant soon. Maybe it was more common in the 50s, I'm not sure...
Not sure if this is urban legend or not. Citizen On Patrol was one explenation I have heard.
I have always been under the impression that it was something to do with catching or getting things e.g. 'to cop a rocket' = get a right telling off, and as police they'd (hopefully) 'cop' the criminals as in nick them. That's how I understand it, but it might not be correct.
The word "cop" is an old Anglo-Saxon verb for catch, grab or capture, deriving from a noun "cop" dating back at least to the 1100s.  Some sources say this word related to the Dutch word kapen, with a similar meaning.  The earliest written documentation of the form "cop" as a verb in English dates to 1704.  A new noun form developed form this verb, giving us "copper."  This form "copper" thus was the noun for "one who cops."  Some sources document the use of the verb "cop" used with the meaning "arrest" in 1844, and suggests this was the source of the specific use of "cop" to refer to a law officer.  The term "copper" was originally used in England as a slang word for a police officer.  This term was used, however, as a term of abuse by criminals, especially petty street criminals.  It was considered highly derogatory by the police themselves.  It was made illegal in England to use this term for a police officer, because it was so derogatory.  The term became associated with the metal copper after that law was passed, when those hoods who wanted to abuse an officer would carry a small piece of copper metal in the palm of their hand, then flash it at the policeman.  This usage of "copper" got shortened to "cop."  The first documented use of the term copper for a police officer is in 1846.  The Oxford English Dictionary documents this usage.  Most sources report that the first documented use of the short form cop as applied to a police officer is in 1859.  Snopes finds that the term "copper" was used in London for police by 1846.
Welding, at least in the Midwest it is booming
Blockchain developer.
Plumbing and HVAC if you can stand dealing with "old timers" thinking it's thru it job to make work hell for you because you're, "the rookie".    More people are leaving the fields than going Into them.  And if you're smart you'll climb the ladder in no time.  Six years into getting my EPA 608 and I'm managing a 200k sqft facility with two hockey rinks.    Anyone can do this if they have half a brain, a minor amount of common sense, and some personal integrity. They've just been told its work for dumb people who couldn't get into college.  Learn the code, learn the rules, learn the order of events, and for the love of yourself don't let anyone compromise your safety for their money and you're going to be clean, safe, fed, and secure.
It would be Facebook. 
as entertaining as it is infuriating
Worse. Or more accurately, less authentic in how people conduct themselves 
Monopoly, no duh
The Game of Life
Beerpong
Flip a coin 
Pick the better one
draw lots
Because I'll get fired.
I'd like to know too
I can fall asleep. 
Their name.
I had a personal rule that I must include the word 'synergistic' in every essay style paper I submitted, be it assignment or exam. And I kept to it.   It made me feel good because I meant it ironically, but it would be taken unironically. And we all need a little ironic (presenting as unironic) irony in our uni classes. Right? 
quantum physics. idk what im talking about but i sound smart. they dont know what im talking about either so its not like theyll fact check
https://www.reddit.com/r/dogswithjobs/comments/7397jy/pd_tias_first_day_working_at_the_airport/
Americans make themselves known when they are leaving a party. Aussies try to duck out without being noticed
Germany <-> USA  here they have a great health care system and good education is basically free (about 250$ per Semester) and available to everyone. At work you have at least 21 days of paid vacation, no limited amount of sick days. If you're sick, you're sick.
Here nobody asks about your religion. That is a faux pas, it is like asking if you like anal in the bedroom. It is a private matter. Only ask close friends. And even if you qre religious nobody flaunts about it, they just cascually wear a cross or mention praying quickly in a conversation. It is all very nonchalant. I prefer this over the way an american blurts out religion all over the place. 
Neko Atsume, it’s an adorable and addictive game featuring cats, I think that speaks for itself. 
Solitaire.
The Prince of Persia mobile game, it was the first electronic game that I ever played so I loved it. If only that Motorola flip phone still worked...
Gleet/gleek/whatever you called it. The act of pulling your tongue back and compressing your spit glands to shoot a strand of sliva from directly under your tongue. Except I can do it like a damn spitting cobra. Best range I got was two feet with two separate uninterrupted streams for about two seconds.
I can pat my head and rub my belly at the same time.
Swallow with my mouth open
Think the healthy lifestyle trends aren't fully developed yet, and will continue to increase in popularity.
see through coloured sunglasses (fluro) and that weird egg shape look
Think the healthy lifestyle trends aren't fully developed yet, and will continue to increase in popularity.
Not me, but my daughter. Nobody believes when I tell them that she stood up for a kid she doesn't even like, to her friends who were picking on him.   She told them "Just because I don't like him, doesn't mean you should treat him bad."   She's 11, and I guess nobody thinks that tweens are of a mind to consider the feelings of others, and actually stand up for what they believe if it isn't self serving.
I killed a mosquito with two fingers (thumb and index) only. On the first try. 
Walked on the moon.
Vegans have been around for a long time but recently environmental and health concerns over meat have added to their message.  Combine that with the organic movement which is tied to farm animal treatment and we just have more people cutting back on animals products generally making the idea of Veganism more normalized, possible trendy even.    I definitely noticed a very recent uptick in pro vegan talk when ‘What The Health’ was released on Netflix.  Its full on vegan propaganda but a lot of people Ive talked to were very impressed with it.  
It's a cowspiracy 
If anything, I thinks it's being pushed less now than in recent years. The 2 most common arguments in familiar with is the claim that its a more healthful diet; and that harming animals, even for food, is wrong. 
Stupid people are to blame for modern art.  Stupid people who can look at a garbage bag full of trash and see it as "art" are to blame.  Listening to halfwits talk about modern art, trying to sound like intellectuals always makes me gag. 
Modern art was going to happen regardless of da vinci. if anything it should be considered the impressionists "fault"(that is if you consider modern art to be a "fault") as they are what turned 20th century art into more than realistic paintings of bowls and fruit and religious scenes they expanded art into other areas like landscape with colour and vibrancy, something that was long over due happening. This started a chain reaction of art movements in the 20th and 21st century where people could paint and explore art in other way than painting religious scenery and boring still life's; such as through different art techniques and even artistic mediums like sculpture and photography. Modern art is only a consequence of the artistic movements before it as well as being a reflection of society. 
Actually, I asked myself this question because I saw a video on youtube which tried to explain the same question. 
Listening To The Teacher To Get Good Grades, son!  Just kidding, remind me if this gets a great response.  (Also, check out caravaneer if you havent already, it's fun and quite challenging at first. [Caravaneer](http://www.sugar-free-games.com/showgame.php?game=849))  ((And, I challenge you to beat my highest score on Worlds Hardest Game!! 142 Deaths for me in one run. [Worlds Hardest Game](https://www.coolmath-games.com/0-worlds-hardest-game)))
Trivia Blitz
I had fun playing [Universal Paperclips](http://www.decisionproblem.com/paperclips/index2.html) since it doesn't require constant attention.
You.
Star fruit? 
Cube shaped melons.
Having a poo
Water.
oxygen
My own, cause its what you make of it. Not what you have
Nice try OP, I know you're a FBI agent.
The genie and grants my own wishes.
*What did you say happened to club penguin!?*
That reminds me of the South Park episode where they found a man who had been frozen for a few years and treated him like a resurrected ice age man.
"And what's No Nut November?"  "What kinda thing goes skrrra?"  "How is this hotdog funny?"  "Cool a three-bladed plastic windmill"
Lost 
Honestly? Diary of a wimpy kid 
Harry Potter ☺
Nope. Generally employers still test, at least that’s been my antidotal exp. ( live in WA)
Unfortunately, no. Many companies still screen for it. I don't know if it's because it's illegal federally, or they just don't want their employees smoking weed (ever).  MOST companies run a drug test if you get into an accident at work, or if you're applying for the job. It's usually a pee test too.
I work in substance abuse treatment and haven't smoked weed in years, but have lived in two different weed legal states.  Basically, it depends on the workplace.  I remember this being an issue when weed first started being legalized in Washington and Colorado, with tons of people asking whether or not they could now legally come into work high, smoke a bowl on break, etc etc.  The broad response was, "if we can fire you for drinking on the job, we can fire you for being high on the job."  Here's where it gets sticky, a breathalyzer will tell you if someone is currently drunk, a UA test will tell you if someone smoked weed in the past month. So let's say you make a mistake at work, your employer demands a drug test (which they are still completely allowed to do in weed legal states) and the test comes out positive for THC.  Does your employer have the right to fire you?  The law says...  Unambiguously yes.  Of course there are different workplace cultures, but ultimately your employer can say, "we don't want people that smoke weed working here" and that is entirely their choice to make.
Every time I come home after being gone for at least 3 minutes.
brings road kill everyday for brekky
Turned down the woman with the cheese to give me kisses.
/r/gonewild
/r/toastme
R/congratslikeimfive
I had sex with a two different hotel entertainers once  before I met her. 
I saw the last episode of Peaky Blinders before him and then sat through it with him while trying not let on I knew what was coming... 
I’ve cheated physically, I’m not at all attracted to him anymore, I want to break up, I want to move back home with my parents, I hate him, he’s a total Jerry, he makes me feel like an absolute failure. These are the most burning things 
18. It wasn’t great as all my friends were going out drinking and having fun while I was sat in with an baby. I turned 18 before them all so I was pregnant during most birthdays then had a baby around for the rest   He is 8 now. Watches grown men play mine craft or open kinder eggs. Guess that’s due to having a young mother, fucked him up clearly 
Shithouse. And it really shouldn't have been. Our biggest hurdles were the friends and family who quickly assumed, just like the rest of society, that we couldn't do it, and treated us so. 20 years later, still married, more kids and doing well. 
I haven’t seen the latest season of the walking dead because last season was so terrible 
When my bad connection made it impossible to catch anything decent in Pokemon Go
Why did they kill Ragnor Lothbrok?? 
Open my eyes.
Turn off my alarm and piss
Check my clock and touch my cock.
I answer for everybody. Wedding Day.
Not married and I'm stressed already
He had to move away to take training courses for work when I was pregnant and it was the most stressful time of my life because he couldn't help me with anything and I was afraid that the whole marriage would get messed up.
Don’t you talk to my blablabla that way! How rude
Blablabla blabla blablablabla blaaaaaaaaaaa!
[To make it into the papers!](https://imgur.com/a/ihQGL)
I want to do more blow.
That i dont give a fuck to have any. Tonight  my guy gave us all a long speech about resolutions how this and that are gonna change and get better and blah blah. I just nodded in agreement the whole time. Didn't want to hurt his feelings. 
Mines just a depressing millennial one, to be financially stable
Usually concerts are ran and frequented by people who are not total sqaures.
Probably got medical cards or at in places where it’s legal 
Off duty cops like to work security and know what happens at rap concerts so they don't care. They just wanna get paid. My uncle and cousin are LAPD and the best gigs are security. They earn days of salary in one night. 
"So, I hear your cat has AIDS."  In my defense, their cat did have AIDS.
I was once walking my dog and stopped to sit on a park bench. My dog was lying down and tied to one of the legs, then out of nowhere this yappy little poodle thing comes sprinting around the corner barking and jumped onto my dog trying bite her. The owner came around the corner and lost it saying my dog could of killed his and if I don't leave now he will call the pound and get my dog put down followed by a bunch of swearing and threats. I was eight and the best reply I could come up with was "your dog is stupid"
“Sex?”
Haven’t seen him in years but he was notorious for outrageous lies  -he told us that in year 6 he had a 19 year old girlfriend who used to pick him up from school every afternoon to have sex with.  -goes fox hunting all the time and gets 30 or so foxes in a night (the average where I live is like 4 a night)  -broke into a shopping center at night to steal an xbox...alone...at the age of 12...and managed to get a hdtv as well. Also my father worked as a security guard at this very place and was on duty that night. When i told him this he said that my dad must not have seen him.   -his girlfriend was dating the leader of the bikie gang in our region and he would kill anyone who fucked with him.  -he said this massive story where some guys were fucking with him and he got this gang to come teach them a lesson AT SCHOOL!! He said that they walked in and had the guy by the throat and held a knife up to him and told him not to fuck with his “right-hand-man”. When we told him that that couldn’t have happened because we were in the same area when this supposedly happened he just said “well I was there. I saw it. You guys must be blind”  Im sure ill remember more later. Ill edit them in if I remember them.
A coworker insisted that Wee-man had died in a stunt, where he was put in a washing machine which was then turned on.
This one dude we knew made up this elaborate story about how he invented the cure for cancer.
With a knife.
Dremel with the diamond studded engraving bit.
Youtube videos, lots and lots youtube videos. Explaining the same thing over and over again.
Lacoste 
Armani Mania  I unconsciously followed some fellow student straight into a class that was not my own, in my morning stupor, because I was drawn to that smell.  Only when I looked at a bunch of unfamiliar faces, which stared back, did I snap back to reality, blush and wander of to find my class.  I bought my own bottle right after, figured why not?
Don’t laugh at me but Drakkar Noir  
Shock collars.  Whenever we are out and the kids start whining, a quick *zap-zap* and they calm right down.  
I'll be obvious and say my smartphone. I Can do SO MANY THINGS.
Nose trimmer.    It's itch like a bitch and make me sneezed every time I use a plunger or my fingers.
February.
Listen to the words of Jesus on the mount
“History repeats itself, first as a tragedy, second as farce”
How I wasted 33 years of my life.  the real 2DifferentSocks confessions.
*Procrastination: A Life's Story* and the pages are blank cause I couldn't get myself to actually sit and write it.
Balls Deep
The lady getting hit by a fish during a storm!
I'm easily amused. Fuck her right in the pussy!!!!!  https://youtu.be/yJIydD7ULz8
How people keep letting Carter Page on.
Texas.   Perfectly summarised in a bumper sticker I saw there: "We put our faith in Jesus and Guns"
Everything. Last time I was there was 2010 and it was exactly how I expected it to be. From the food, cars, people, the price of everything, Walmart, the 405, the weather, scenery, NASCAR at Texas, Vegas, SEMA... All of it.  I'm taking the wife over in 2020 for The Daytona 500 and then a 3 week road trip to L.A. It's going to be a brilliant adventure.    
McDonald’s
Munch's Odyssey  Stranger's Wrath  Worms  Crashlands  Rollercoaster Tycoon Classic  The Escapists  GTA series  Bully (Canis Canem Edit to me)
Ninja fruit, candy crush, temple run, 2048, chess,...
Oxenfree, FF Series, 
From Jimmy the Hobo that sleeps in the dumpster behind the Cheesecake Factory.
Just make it yourself it's fun and easy 
Trader Joes
Probably asking more people who is your daddy and what does he do or whatever.
Another child
I’m looking forward to 2019.
In ancient Roman religion and mythology, Janus is the god of beginnings and transitions, thence also of gates, doors, doorways, endings and time. He is usually a two-faced god since he looks to the future and the past. The Romans dedicated the month of January to Janus. January and onwards is the future, December and before is the past. 
Because it comes after 31st December.
Should we start on January second or February first. It really makes you think doesn’t it? Why January? Why not August?
Daylight Savings Time. So dumb.
Religion.
AskReddit posts related to the New Year.
napping during the day
Video games
Playing with my matchbox cars.
Many people I know tend to believe that Judo is a fairly tame martial art in comparison to most others, because our techniques are not about punching and kicking but mostly about throwing and grappling.  In reality, a proper throw can very easily cause neck and back damage to somebody who doesn't know how to fall (which is one of the first things you learn in Judo for that reason), and there are numerous chokeholds that can be used to either break someone's elbow or dislocate someone's shoulder.
It's karate, not taekwondo
Last year started with jiu jitsu, a lot of people surrounding me think that Im training some kind of *gay hugging*, in their words.   We were on a particulary boring class in college and I was killing time by watching some grappling tournament when girl next to me noticed: "ha ha, is he gonna stick his dick in his opponent?"  A bit annoying as well, but not that much: I do kickboxing for years, and krav maga. My parents, when asked, tell everyone that I do *kara-te*.  
'Cause you always want what you can't have more
Inertia. 
because you're full relaxed maybe?
Odinism. Creation has always bothered me because most of the time deities create man purely as worshippers, vain douchebags. Odin created man to stand as the first line of defense when Ragnarok begins, their word for Earth (midgard) literally means the middle fortress. The fortress that stands between the underworld and the 9 realms of the gods. Those souls valiant enough to be taken to Valhalla will stand shoulder to shoulder with the gods on that fateful day, defending the gates of Asgard down to the last man. Fuck being a servant, I'm a god damned warrior.
Sun worship. At least I know for certain the sun exists.
Mostly them from asian culture.those karma thingie, cause and effect, action and reaction, etc.                   I never understood religion from middle east though
climate change! people should take more  responsibility and take more care of the planet we live on, before it's too late. even the smallest change in your lifestyle can make a huge difference if everyone did it. 
Not straining whilst on the loo
Life, just life in general. It seems like everyone has forgotten, we only get one. Just imagine how much better off we all would have been, if everyone would have taken their lives so much more serious.
At work. Some boring convention nobody likes to attend but that you're sent to attend every year anyway. There's that guy from our company, let's call him Bob, he's the kind of guy who doesn't like to loose and doesn't like to be told he's wrong. Even when he's obviously spewing BS.    So we went to this boring convention, met people from other businesses that are related to our field. Boring work discussion, you get the picture. Someone decided it would be a good idea to discuss which marketing method was the best to sell a product. Let's say the other company had their own Bob. So you got the 2 Bobs starting to argue over which is best, and of course they won't admit that they're basically both spewing BS and don't really know what they're doing. No one wants to stop, because something something alpha male something something won't back down. And that's when the fight started. 
I landed on Free Parking
There's this girl who likes me who keeps copying me and my other family members' stuff. I mean exact models and colours and even styles  Edit: Thank God there are people who understand how creepy it is
Drew a really bad portrait of me and then tried to tattoo it onto his arm with a ballpoint pen and a needle.  He turned up at my house multiple times a year for about 7 years even after I’d called the police dozens of times.  Two days before my wedding he pulled a knife on my bridesmaid to get my new address so he could “talk me out of marrying the wrong man”  No thank you! 
Came up to me and basically screamed in my face in a club in front of everyone “why are you being like this I know you like me too”.  Err...we haven’t spoken in months? I definitely do not and never have liked you strange girl. Even tried to grab me, if it was the other way around I would’ve been crucified.
I've been experiencing a lot of crashes lately. It drives me crazy.
Hangs for 5-10 seconds every time I typed. The app even crashed a few minutes ago
The UI looks amazing, but the app is buggy AF. It crashes a lot, hangs a lot, and as a result, sucks a lot. It is draining system resources (RAM, battery, processor usage) much faster. 
Clothes I bought "to when I get thin". I never got thin.
your mum for a night
Best: Galaxy  Note 8 Worst: Gear X headphones. Total waste of money. Battery is shite and the sound quality cheap. 
Step 1: Buy a fake gun.  Step 2: Use fake gun to rob store.  Step 3: Use earnings from prior robbery to buy a real gun.  Step 4: Rob more stores.  Step 5: Buy a yacht with robbery earnings.  Step 6: Rob more stores and buy drugs.  Step 7: Rob more stores and rent hookers.  Step 8: Do drugs and fuck.  Step 9: Repeat as necessary. 
OP's mom    10 times
inb4 10 $1 hookers
I'd like to not be chronically sick anymore.
The stupid fucking conduits that exist for zero fucking purpose.  You dumb cunts better find a new one or you will find yourself blind in 2018
My loneliness.
That I get to have it at some point
I wouldn’t necessarily say this is about intercourse. But about women in general.  As I child I was fully sold on the idea that women peed from their butts. My logic was that I sit when I poop and stand when I pee. Girls sit down to do both. So, they must poop and pee out of their butts.   As a result I also thought all people were born from butts.
I blame hentai for this; young child me remember watching a few minutes of that stuff. That women are able to put thicc green sticks up their asses. Then if they have been naughty, they will get octopus legs inside their mouths, butt, and ???.   I was like nine at the time, don't judge me.
Michael Jordan
Will smith
[this guy](https://unemploymentality.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/zack_morris4.jpg) 
No hat, no play. 
Only black jackets cause..... well who knows the school colour theme was purple So I have no idea.
So I live in a multicultural country. We have tons of different languages and dialects. My school is an English private school so they encourage us to speak in English. Encourage is an understatement; they catch us speaking other languages 5 times, detention.
As a pilot, we rock an unhealthy amount of Taylor Swift in the cockpit
Freakonomics via my noise cancelling headphones.  The content is exceptional and even more than that Stephen Dubners voice is soothing and nearly hypnotic.  Im disappointed as we has Stephen Dub at a sales conference presenting here a couple of months ago but missed it because I was travelling (ironically) with work. Really wanted to see him live. Had to settle for a podcast on the flight instead.
She brushes her teeth. 
Blow jobs....  Lots of blow jobs
they start spending more time with you instead of 'working late' and/or going to the 'gym'.
How much I appreciate her. We’ve only been dating for 2 months, but she has already had such a positive affect on me. 
Semen is high in protein.
Sometimes I'm just going to be too busy with my wife to hangout with my girlfriend.
62 and today is the first day of my retirement.
21, I hit rock bottom in 2017, so the only direction is up.
I'm 29... Best thing is I get to go home from this 6 month deployment in just a few weeks to see my wife and daughter
Willingness to admit mistakes/apologize. Ability to resolve conflicts. Happiness of both persons increases. 
Waffles. Waking up to waffles.
You can spend day after day after day with them, and it's still not enough. Spent 60 days with my now-wife at her parents house over a summer and it was then that I knew she was the one
The [Pale Blue Dot.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pale_Blue_Dot)
Those taken during the moon landing.  Because Humans took them, ON THE MOON
Sunset/sky whilst in Egypt. 
Plot twist: Myself!   We are our own greatest enemies after all. 
Myself, I really hate that guy.
The Man, because he's holding me down.
Insane past killers and their murders 
Drug dealing, watch ‘Dope’ on Netflix, it’s a mad eye opener.
Life
Are you in a bad mood?  If you ask me that, fuck you.
Can you give me a smile...?  *shows middle finger and walks off*
Did you do anything nice at the weekend? (Its usually absolutely nothing, which I enjoy doing)
2017
To wipe with wet toilet paper
To never date/ marry a black man or a Hispanic man.   (I am engaged to a Latina so I guess she technically got her wish.) 
Going outside with my hair wet will make me sick
Got addicted to crack instead 
Heroin worked for me
I deleted Facebook from my phone and deactivated the account 1st Jan 2017, triggered by the many posts of how amazing everyone’s year was...1 year clean! 
Walk up to someone you don't know at all... "Hi! I like shorts! They're comfy and easy to wear!"  You'll either sound like a lunatic, or end up with a date.
Point gun at female, "Break you'self! Gimme your goddamn number! Come on! Hurry up! Come on!" 
Keanu Reeves is *definitely* an immortal 
That most celebrities have slept with many other celebrities, done serious drugs together, and basically have an elitist lifestyle where they all circlejerk. 
Morgan Freeman narrated his own birth.
Actually they are helping me alot financially so If i have to do some chores, no problem
Taking away your laptop assuming you're playing video games but instead you're coding a program or website.
They constantly check up on me. Like let me be fucked up without regret.
I’m gonna have a MASSIVE wiener. 
This is why we aren't gods
Well i would probrably try to give up my physsical form.
Meow loudly at closed doors so I’m let in, only once they let me inside and close it behind me I start loudly meowing to be let back out.  Deliberately letting poop fall just outside of the litter box is a close number two.
Anything and everything on a desk or table will be relocated to the floor immediately. 
Pretend like I want them to rub my belly, but then freak out and try to kill them when they do it more than 3 times. 
Refusing to take no for an answer.   If you ask me for something or to do something, and i say no, dont ask me again in multiple ways using a variety of tactics ranging from persistence, to guilt tripping to physical aggression.   
Being oblivious to those around you.  The grocery store experience is the worst offender.  
Someone standing right next to you in a urinal when there is plenty of space. Fucking hate that.
Progressive rock. Such genuine emotion and musical skill.
Alt rock. It’s a mix of awesome Melody’s with guitar riffs/solos
Going to have to go with rap, love trap music, the evolved white boy rappers (not prejudice, I am partially white and the other part is hispanic) as in Post Malone, Yela Wolf, Heystack...  I just love me some rap. It motivates me in a way I can't motivate myself sometimes LOL 😂
Just watch saved by the bell
You wake up, go through your morning routine and then go to the bus stop. You ride the bus to school and then go to first period or home room for attendance. The morning announcements are played and the pledge of allegiance is recited as you face the flag with your hand over the heart.  Then your first class starts. The periods are typically 50 minutes. You have 10 minutes between classes to go to your locker and grab your books for the next subject. Around 12:00 pm you have lunch in the cafeteria. Then you go to your last two periods for the day before going home.
Well we start the day off usually with one of the kids snapping and shooting up a class or two   We mourn then move on to honor grand chancellor Karl rove  After that it's classes like usual
Black guy here, w/ white girlfriend. We actually met at homecoming and started dating about a year later. We never really bought up each other’s race until it came time to meet her family. My family was totally accepting and welcomed her with open arms. Hers, on the other hand, was skeptical. They thought I was a stereotypical black guy thug type. Which I’m the total opposite. After I met them though everything has been fine. We have been together 4 years and have our own dreams place and our families love to come around. 
My wife father hated the fact that I wasn't from their country. I didn't even go to her house the first 3 years going out with her
In an interracial marriage and a product of an interracial marriage.   Sometimes I think I have seen people give us looks in the past, but I've always chalked it up to how attractive we are :)   Seriously though, never had any issues from her side or mine. Love wants what it wants.
I was lost on a 4x4 track in the dark on New Year’s Eve (literally the one just gone) and was just sort of driving back towards camp not realising I was lost, then I heard a crackle over the radio and instantly knew someone was trying to reach me and that I was lost.   Strange af
Going for a walk helps. So does r/babyelephantgifs
Eat cake, feel happy, feel sad about how much cake I’ve eaten, eat more cake x1,000,000  I’m stuck in this loop. 
Listen to Enya, dance, wear outside clothes so I don't slouch at home an start doing things.
Like 5
Sixteen, if D.C. counts.
I have lived in Texas my entire life and the same city. I did not go out of Texas until late 2014. My best friend took me to the casino in Oklahoma.  I know I am lame! 😂
Don’t have one to tell :(
So this was in middle school with my 2nd girlfriend (who I regret dating). It's really simple. Basically she wanted to know how to kiss so I kissed her. We'd always kiss and hold hands in the stairwells and I guess the teachers somehow found out. I almost got into trouble with the teachers but I broke up with her before anything happened.
In 8th grade there was a girl who I wasn't quite dating, but we'd been flirting a lot and all that. So at a high school football game during halftime, we were sitting together talking when a friend of hours screamed from way behind us that we should date. We dismissed them, but i mean I kinda agreed. So I took her hand and went under the bleachers and nervously kissed her. She reciprocated, and we started dating.
Hug them for 1 hr.
One word: cucumbers 
NOT A DAMN thing!  I am not sure if you have realized this or not, but cats are highly intelligent. And they are little furry creatures, full of sarcasm (though it is not spoken, their actions are enough), assholeness and love. And that is why I love them.   What did the cats do to you? LOL  
Born and raised in New York, furthest is been is Italy
I live in New York but I've gone to Japan for a couple of months
I’m 19 and lived in the same house my whole life. I think when I move away, it’s going to be hard to call another place home. I have been to a total of 18 states, the furthest being Arizona.
Because even the flushable ones clog septic systems.
I have a bidet.
I never wipe.  I smear, let it dry and then flake it off in the company coffee pot.  
Vladamir Putin.
Trump because I have the impression down pat.
Ivanka.   They know to steer clear of all that.
What? 
Fantastic things, like every year   And less fantastic things, like every year 
The Sun shall rise in the east and set in the west. Remarkable
Nuclear fallout 
To feel their boobs 
Force them to release some oxytocin 
Because they are inconsiderate wankers.
I'm studying psychology and am working nights as a youth counsellor. I was hired because a classmate who also works here referred me.   In the past I have worked as a waitress while in school, and that was always through a friend or just plain old applying to a job I found perusing kijiji. 
I lost him to heroin. He's still out there....doing heroin I'm sure.
By being bad at spelling.
She was wound up too tight. I had to loosen her so she didn't get a stress fracture.
How to not stab evil people you're forced to work with during group projects
To be critical of the things you hear, the ability to set your emotional reaction to the side for a second and think when you're forming an opinion 
One more semester till graduation, but I'll give my two cents.  The most valuable thing is probably how to learn independently. Let's say you want to learn a new skill, or maybe you are interested in another subject, I learned where to find credible resources and the kind of mindset you use to approach a new thing.
/r/greentext 
r/WeWantPlates
r/AskReddit
An ex was so drunk she opened her fridge door and pissed in the crisper drawer in front of all her friends (and on a fair amount of food). 
Pregamed with double digit drinks...had another double digit set at the bar... last thing I remember was ordering two shots of 151. Woke up in the hospital.  Not fun. But hey, at least there was no hangover.
This one night about 6 years ago I went out with a friend to the gay bars in my city. We were at a club more geared towards lesbians and she wanted to go back to the other gay bar. I was thoroughly wasted at this point and this woman had been hitting on me, so I figured I would stay.  Ok, a little background, I suppose I could be considered bisexual but I know some people hate that term. I'm a woman who enjoys both genders but primarily gravitate towards men, so I was a little out of my comfort zone.  This woman hitting on my was probably in her early 40's and I was 24. I was so drunk I didn't even know what she looked like, but she kept buying me drinks and then took me back to her house. When I got into her apartment I realized how much I didn't want to be there and how incredibly drunk I was. In my state I couldn't figure out a reason to leave so I thought I would just have to go with everything she wanted to do. So, she goes into the bathroom for what felt like 20 minutes. I have always assumed she was all stoked for sex and was freshening up. Meanwhile I'm sitting on her couch in her fancy af apartment with the cream coloured thick what carpet and I just vomit, I vomit so so much. This spew of orange flew from my mouth.   As soon as I was done I sat there with panic and thought of how mad she was going to be, so I bolt. I stand up in my puke covered clothes put on my shoes and just run out of her apartment and down multiple flights of stairs. I couldn't see straight and just felt like I was going so fast. I then wandered downtown not knowing where I was. I ripped off my puked covered fishnets and dropped them in a parking lot, called my friend and luckily got a ride home.  I think about this sometimes and realize how horrifying this must have been for that woman who was all pumped for a one night stand and end up getting ditched and having to clean up a ton of puke.  It was not my finest hour. 
Usually eat, drink and talk about daily stuff
Don’t bottle up your emotions, it just makes them worse. Allow yourself to feel whatever emotion it is you naturally feel, but don’t let it take over. Honestly evaluate this person. The good things and the bad. Think through their flaws and their charms. Ask yourself what you feel? Is it realistic? Is it healthy? I’ve found that if you allow your brain to process all of it, it will figure out the rest.   That’s just me though. Years of therapy has taught me that mindfulness is helpful. 
Convince yourself that you stand no chance whatsoever through self-loathing, insecurity and a generally low sense of self-worth.
Eat a food you hate whenever you look at their fb or them irl to train your brain to be grossed out when you see them.
I’ve recently learned on my iPhone how: there are 3 little dots. You tap that and options come up-  1. Give gold.  2. Burn with Fire. 3. DOX this runt.   No. Seriously. Look for the 3 dots.
I’d add a function for every person to be able to disable the entire site for 5 minutes, but you can only use it once and it releases your current location. 
Changing the way comments are shown to us. People just downvote _unpopular_ comments so if someone's opinion  is different from the mass' one it will be kept in a dark corner.  I don't really like upvote-downvote system.  I prefer the 4chan way.  But indeed upvotes\downvotes are useful when it comes to huge posts with tons of comments.  
Revert the app to it's previous less sucky version.
Ready Player One
* The Post * Infinity War * Solo * Deadpool 2 * Sicario 2: Soldado * M:I6 * 12 Strong * Mowgli
Definitely 'A Quiet Place'. It is about a family that lives isolated and in utter silence. Go check it out. 
It’s fun yes. It’s pay to win also yes. The old ones are better 
You get a better sense of pride and accomplishment.
Buy me food.
Enjoy my company, don't be too invasive, be willing to just spend time together. Don't expect me to entertain you. That's all!
Be funny as hell.
A baby 
A new video game. Guess what? I drove back and it was still in the street!
A lot of lasagna 
German trenches were deeper and more advanced, they saw the trenches as a more permanent settlement so really dug In, the British didn't intend to stay in the trenches very long 
In one they spoke German, in the other they spoke English.
The Brits had tea and the Germans had currywurst and schnitzel 
1) Where do you see yourself in 5/10 years?  2) What are your strengths/weaknesses?  3) What can you do/provide for the company?/Why should I hire you?
You should have something to say about why you want to work in that company and in that position.   You should have something to say about how your previous experiences could relate or help you in that position, even if it's very indirect.   Do you have any questions? Have at least one intelligent question prepared that you're curious about, and it's ok if it's about salary and benefits, but show that you are interested in really understanding how they work and what is their approach.    Remember that while you obviously want to work there, you're also checking to see if the place is right for you and you should have a solid understanding of what you're getting into.  
‘What do you know about this position?’  ‘What is your work experience in relation this position?’  ‘May we contact your current/former employer? If not, why?’  There are probably more important questions, but those are my three.
Breakfast.
Food.
Soup.
I have a toy poodle and his name is Banjo.
bunny called big ears
I have 14  5 fish- goldeen, Stripes, Speckles (gold fish) Gomez & Morticia (albino catfish)  5 lizards- Opal, Lorenzo, and Penny (Bearded Dragons) King Tubby and Walter (Leopard geckos)  3 dogs- Charlie (pit bull and mastiff mix) Roro/Rowan (beagle mix) Grace (chihuahua and yorkie mix)  1 Bunny - Captain Morgan (Californian Bunny)
By not going to asleep during regular time schedule when I should of have done it. Now I got class within four hours. At least it is about samurai's and films.
Didn't sleep last night, so I'm pretty wasted. This is by far one of the hardest first days at work after a holiday I've ever had.
I've been eating and drinking healthy for the past few months. Lost nearly 10lbs since October.  Today I ate an entire box of cereal.
Having sex with a hotel entertainer worker. 
Singing at a talent show. I was terrible, but I got over my fear
Damn I mispelled..
- Keep your private life to yourself.  - Do not share your view of the company with your co-workers because you never know what is going to happen in a few months.  - Never share your salary information or the way you were employed. - When a customer is extremely mean or rude keep your tone friendly because you are always being monitored. Never share a personal experience or something that can get you in trouble over the work e-mail/chat/phone because of the same reason.   In general working in call centres is hell.  
It's suprising how you can learn how to eat a lot and not sound like you are talking with your mouth full.   Also, don't snack non stop on junk food because your board, because you'll never loose the weight! 
HR is not your friend, but it can be your ally. That goes for any business, really. HR is there to protect the company from action from you.   A little bit of enthusiasm (even faked) goes a long way.   Just like in high school, cliques can develop. Align yourself with the right people, and you can move to the top of the food chain pretty quickly. Unfortunately, when you get to the top, you'll realize that it's more soul sucking than when you were on the phones.  If you are allowed to personalize your space, do so, but keep it reasonable. It can be fun to be the crazy cat Lady, or have a thousand pictures of your kids, but it won't keep you as sane as you hope it will.   Sanitize everything. EVERYTHING. Call centres are like daycares and nursery schools. Keep Purell and wipes handy. Wash your damn hands (yeah, Ken, I'm looking at you). 
I use to an here are some of the common reasons people do:  1. There are many accounts especially around those who are young who "remember" certain past lives, who describe it in details an at times there may be a similar correlation to the past records someone can find. Example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ESrd3mMop0  2. Some believe that the reason some are smarter than others is because they've lived more lives before so they have more "common sense" knowledge.  3. Some believe the reason their personality is androgynous or they happen to be transgender is because they've lived many lives in the past as the opposite gender an so now they're gay/trans.  4. They were raised to believe it.
I used to believe that, it was religion and wishful thinking 
I believe/believed it because you cause destroy energy, you can only transfer it, so once you die it has to go somewhere. 
People keep calling me on it
I’m using an iPhone 7, I don’t know whether the newer iPhones or the plus versions have it. But I get frustrated that the iPhone keyboard does not have a top row of Numbers without having to go to the other page of keyboard tab. I use my parents’ Samsung and it seems so convenient and quick. Wish apple would implement this on their iphs soon.
The fact that the Bixby button exists on my Galaxy S8. It's too close to the volume button imo and so far I havent found a way to remap the button to something useful
RTFB  Read the fucking book.
Do as much homework as you can over the weekend. This includes all the small little busy work assignments and the reading. For the love of God at least skim the chapters. So much on tests came directly word for word from the reading but was never discussed in class. Speaking of class, GO. And sit in the front row. Go out on Friday nights only. Go crazy even. Then get back to it on Saturday and Sunday.
I find Reddit users that speak complete gibberish and try to decipher what they are trying to say and explain to the people what they actually mean when they convey their primitive feelings towards the internet and the people.
gym
Darts is great. Not too exerting, plenty of support at every level and perfectly possible to break in at the top if you're good enough. 
Left my abusive ex after 5 years 
I survived the worst depression I’ve ever been though and I honestly didn’t think I’d make it this far 
Passed the NCLEX, got a job as a registered nurse. 
The Joker  But oddly enough, that’s what makes him so likeable 
u/ironman82
They scored 20 points on the PCL-R 
If cinema has taught me anything, you just get in his/her face and shout “GET AHOLD OF YOURSELF,” then maybe a quick slap or two. Should do the trick. 
Distraction is usually my go to move. I distract then force a new focus. Depending on the person this could be done various ways. It also depends on what is causing the hysteria in the first place. It can be as easy as asking a question or removing them from the area they are in.
Hand them a joint.
Not a taxi driver, was never one. But I rode one where the driver was ranting about how Uber stole their jobs and how they have no safety in terms of insurance and what not.   They seem really frustrated and I heard news of local taxi drivers throwing rocks at Ubers picking up passengers from the mall and all. Surely they are getting less customers than ever before.
As a former taxi driver of over ten years ago now, I know that the amount of work I was getting then had declined by a massive amount from when I started some five years earlier. I am glad to be out of that game especially since Uber arrived in South Wales where I am from.  In the UK, unlike the US, Uber drivers vehicles have to be licensed by local authorities to be able to operate and that will mean that they are insured to carry passengers.
The library. 
Manners.
Information 
Some people are not mentally fit for fame. He's definitely got some sort of personality disorder at the very least and it's exacerbated by the attention he gets constantly pulling shit like this. He took the vid down, he'll issue some sort of apology, then within a week he'll be back to posting the same shock value crap that people just eat up.   He had absolutely no compassion for a fellow human being and used someone's moment of greatest sorrow to his own advantage. Sad part is he's probably celebrating every mention he receives, and sees absolutely nothing wrong with what he did. He's a garbage human being and I wish there was a way to block him or any mention of him so I wouldn't have to see anything else about him. 
I saw all the news articles on this idiot’s video, so I went on YouTube and some people had uploaded his vlog after he had deleted it. It really freaked me out and I had no idea he was going to literally go up to the dead body. So disrespectful and wrong. It was just too real.
Never heard of this guy until today. Just watched the video, sadly this is what these people have to do to get views. He apologized but you know he's loving the attention and all the new subs.
I refused to be the best man because he was with the woman 3 months. She was pregnant so they got married for her to be put on his insurance. They planned to divorce after she finished nursing school and landed a job. 13 years later they are still in a loveless marriage, cheat on each and beat the crap out of each other. 
My favourite is when it tells you to turn right/left then immediately wants you to make a U-turn and go back the way you came. 
One time I was trying to get to this beach in Fort Bragg and for some reason the GPS took me down this weird country road that turned into a narrow dirt driveway. Basically the opposite direction from where I wanted to go.  Still have no idea how that happened.
Tried to find the ferry in Vancouver and got taken to a dirt road that ended into a field. 
Trump took 2 scoops, but everyone else only got 1 scoop
That Trump’s approval rating is catching up to Obama’s. Most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.
It has recently been discovered that Trump actually has superpowers
An adult tantrum where this one woman was so angry from a conversation she had that she threw her phone against a wall.
I saw a guy almost pop a vein every time someone brought up the fact you had the option to be gay in Mass Effect 3.   Red faced, muscles straining, eyes bulging, words trying to get through gritted teeth as he growled about how he didn't want gays in *his* game. He almost put a fist through his mothers dining table at the merest mention of it.   We brought it up around him a lot. 
when ya stub your little toe
I honestly don't know when anything happened to me before 2005.   I was born January 1999, my first memory is from late 2001, and 2002-2004 are a jumble of memories where I don't know when anything happened during that time.   I started Kindergarten in August 2005 which is the first year I can start naming accurate dates of when things happened to me.
I turned 4 years old
I fell in love in 2004
..he's not acting.
Media loves it.
Following a good example
The answer to this question.
Everything
Everything that I don't know
Binary, Base64
ASCII, Binary, Python, etc.
Vigenere. You can do it on a piece of paper yourself. Easy too.
I got this one guys, trick question: They have married, divorced and remarried the same person
Are you hoping Elon Musk will show up? 
I indirectly know about a couple who are in their 50ies now. They were together since high school and married in their early 20ies but one of them wanted kids and the other didn't. They divorced, remarried other people, the one that wanted kids had them, and they remained friends throughout. Once they were both divorced again and in their 40ies they got back together and later remarried. It's likely they also kept an affair while they were married to other people but they seem happy now. 
Night by Elie Wiesel
Since it's almost always published as a single volume now, The Illuminatus! Trilogy by Robert Anton Wilson and Robert Shea. It is brilliant writing, awesome perspective shifting narrative(s) and a great way to explore alternating points of view and reality shaping.
the necronomicon. because i want cthulhu to  be my savior before i die.
This one. 
r/oldpeoplefacebook  It's hilarious and I love how lighthearted the community is.
r/randomnsfw
Can you be a bit more specific than 'Europe'? It is made up of many countries and countries such as Germany and Italy are comparatively young. The Netherlands were quite a powerful trading nation for many years whereas Poland hasn't been quite as extensive in it's trading.  As for the British Empire...
technically yes. 
Yes, it’s not a bad thing today but if you look at colonization times Europe did some fucked up things.
Flower boy - tyler the creator
My brother's wedding picture album.
The three albums that Brockhampton released this year. They're all exceptional and easily the best rap albums of the year (imho). I can't wait to see what they have planned in the future. 
2 +2 is 4 - 1 that's free quick maffs
People who drive in the left lane on the expressway.
When people don't say excuse me and just bump into me to get past me.
When there are roadworks and it's moving us all into one lane, and instead of forming a queue and merging. Those pricks who continue driving in the closed lane for as long as possible and then force themselves in once they run out of lane. Can't tell you how much that grinds my gears 
My country sets off alot of fireworks from a massive bridge in a massive harbor. 
I'm from England, our tradition is to drink until you are unable to walk. I finished my last call at work at 23:58. I ran all the way to my girlfriends car, got there for midnight so I could smooch the F outta her. Then we went home, got super high, ate cheesy chips and watched the Daria boxset I got her for Christmas. It was my best new years to date (: 
Im ex northern english but lived in nz for 20 odd year now.  In New Zealand it’s fairly typical to head a cool beachy town and camp/stay in a beach batch and often drink around a fire.  I visited a mate who lives on a farm in the hills above tauranga. There were a about 10 or so of us, all old school mates and we just had a fire and bbq plus plenty of drinking and weed. Really nice evening.  
I did not like it on holiday,   we always had a two bedroom apartment where ever went to in Greece for two weeks,   could not sleep naked due to the heat as I shared a room with my sister. 
My 17 year old brother and I (turn 19 in 10 days) just started sharing a room, because we moved and there's only three bedrooms.   Best thing is that you're never really lonely and can talk to someone  whenever, worst thing is that you never have ny privacy. My brother and I get along pretty well and we're both big gamers, so it works well for us. 
The best thing is that you're not alone at night after you've watched a scary move.  But one of the worst things is that whenever my sister came home from college for holidays we would have to share a room. And my sister is MESSY. She would dump all her clothes (tried on outfits that she thought weren't working AND already-worn clothes) together onto her bed and when she got home she would push that big pile of clothes off her bed NEXT TO MY BED (which is literally the only open space I have to walk around the room) and leave it there. I always felt so claustrophobic and only was in the room to sleep or get dressed.
As far as you can see West, that's how much.
I hate kanye
I had two mattresses of about the same size.  One was a hand me down, and one was fairly new.  I told my roommate that he could use one since I didn’t need both and he was using a really small bed at the time.  I told him that I’d switch the mattresses and he could have the hand-me-down one.    He took the new one because “it only made sense since it was available.”  It was too much of a hassle to switch back at that point, but my pregnant self would have been so much more comfortable had he just been patient. 
They would leave their trash all over the apartment, be very inconsiderate enough to not realize i was doing schoolwork, and steal my stuff, along with them being super petty and stuff. So i moved out, and now one of my roommates and her boyfriend, who can’t even stay on campus every single night, have sex any time and anywhere in the dorm that they can and it’s pretty disgusting. She also has guests over at ungodly hours of the night and never cleans up after them until days later.  Next semester we’re not putting up with that shit
I'm a night shifter so my roommate was about to fall asleep when I woke up.. He got a half gallon of milk out of the fridge and layed down on the couch with it.. He set it on the floor, cap off, and fell asleep. At this point (3 months into living there) I was refusing to clean up after him anymore so I didn't touch it, thinking he'd learn not to leave shit like that out..   He woke up to take a piss and on his way back to the couch he accidentally kicked it over, warm milk spilling everywhere.. He set it back upright on the floor, looked at the puddle for a few seconds, then proceeded to lay back down and fall asleep.. I cleaned it up and immediately started looking for my own place.
1. Ghost in the shell 2. Akira 3. Alien 4. Aliens 5. Pulp fiction 6.fear and loathing in las vegas 7. Schinder's list 8.django 9.lisa ann bangbus 10. Napolean dynamiye
I'm not good at ranking, so here are mine in no particular order.  1. The Evil Dead 2. The Evil Dead 2: Army of Darkness 3. Dawn of The Dead 4. Hunchback of Notre Dame (Black and white and Disney) 5. Dracula (1931) 6. Blade Runner 7. Train To Busan 8. Shaun Of The Dead 9. Aladdin 10. An Extremely Goofy Movie
In no order:  Emprire Strikes Back  Fight Club  Alien  Terminator 2  Pirate's of the Caribbean  The Raid  The Raid 2  The Life Aquatic with Steve Zizzou  Shawshank Redemption  1941
*Unzips pants*
Making jokes about small dicks. It's not funny, it's hurting a group of people because of something they were born with and can never change while turning an anatomy trait into a character flaw.  It's mean-spirited and hypocritical in an age where we decry body shaming. I wish people would stop it. (Speaking of which, inb4 "OP has a small dick")
chew finger nails
All of the songs in my mix are pump up songs
Darude-Sandstorm
I know it’s a meme at this point, but I genuinely rocked out to *All Star* yesterday!  A lot of that Shrek soundtrack is pretty fun. 
Skin. 
My chemical romance 
Internet.  I can do it for a while, but only if I’ve had time to prepare and knew for how long I’d be without it.  We had none for a few days and I never realized how much I relied on it for entertaining my toddler alone while I tried to get anything done!  (Just to clarify, I only have him watch it off and on while I have to be on the other side of the house while doing dishes.)
Awkward if it’s for Christmas, unless I already told the person that I wasn’t going to be getting anything for them.  If it’s for a Birthday or something, then I’m grateful, and then plan to get them something for their special days. 
gratitude
*Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade* was by far the best film in the trilogy.  And before you say anything, yes, it is a trilogy. No *Indiana Jones* movies were ever made after that, and anyone repeating the clearly totally unfounded rumor of there being a forth film is obviously misinformed, even if they are Steven Spielberg.
The Star Wars prequels may qualify.
Lord of the Rings?
I’ve always wanted a Volkswagen Beetle since preschool and one day in preschool, when my mom picked me up. I saw one in the parking lot and freaked out that I was actually so close to it and then the owner came out and was wondering why I was freaking out over her car. 
Seemingly being abandoned by my parents at my grandparents home in their homeland during a childhood trip at 2 years of age, then turning to my grandma who said something in their native tongue that I did not understand.
Starting school age 4.5 years
Time will do that all by itself.
I've got a song that gets on your nerves... the second  It's a sausage with out sauce
What you know by Two Door Cinema Club 
Don’t Stop Me Now - Queen, it’s such a good song, happy lyrics, upbeat sound and an amazing singer. 
0
I was thinking about this the other day... I think close to 5 years. Maybe time to retire the ol’ girl.
Ummm i think 13.  It's a bit to small,  totally out if style and has a massive hole in the shoulder, and I  DGAF
Joining Reddit.
Leaving a good job for ‘greener pastures’... turns out the grass was completely artificial. 
I was making ramen and I dropped the flavor packet on the stove burning it, and ended up losing most of my powder in the process. 
1440p
Not to get a traffic ticket
Jog to the fridge more.
This old guy who lived by my ex-wife's parents was known for being a creepy stalker type person, he had some complaints in the past from young women. One day we come home to our apartment, on the opposite side of town from her parents neighborhood, and he's parked his car across the way from our building and it's pointed directly at our front window. He's not in a parking space, he's just kind of backed-in to a nook in the parking lot.  We called the police but they weren't able to do much. They took down what information I could give them but they didn't even say whether they would send an officer over or not.  So I go outside and pretend I'm walking to the laundry room so I can flank his car and get a close up of the license plate with my phone. Just in case I need it for some reason.  He starts to drive away, and I, being a dumb 22 year old at the time, decide to go after him. I only got about 20 feet though and he had circled back around and cut me off in his vehicle.  He starts to make up some bullshit about how he used to live in our apartment and was wondering how it changed, I called him out on it and told him I knew who he was and all about his creepy shit. He just scoffed at me. We went back and forth for a little bit, and eventually he left.  I had never had a confrontation with a stranger before or since.
Disregarding Internet ones, I had to argue a lot with customers at a hotel where I worked.  I was always professional, but people feel really entitled when they go to a hotel.  I had one guy say “I will literally kill someone if this didn’t change!”  It was a terrible misuse of the word literally, because this (actually literally) threatened *murder*!    He was a long-term guest so I knew he was just barking loudly and didn’t have a hard bite, but I really wanted to say “Who are you going to kill?  Myself who is pregnant, my husband who also works here, the owner, or the coworkers who have nothing to do with your complaint?  I need to know for the police report.”
That it is unethical to force men to undergo hormone therapy and the removal of their genitals.
r/askreddit
r/pewdiepiesubmissions lol
r/LeakThreads   it was my go-to for new albums but it got sniped for piracy :/ yo ho ho
a carpet.... I can show you the world
A big old rock.  It probably has seen some stuff.
Teddy bar, I want to give my SO a heart attack.
Cellar door
procrastination
Equilibrium. 
LOST , The Hobbit
It’s not likely that you’ll be able to do this, but going into Doki Doki Literature Club blind really makes the game more of an experience. 
Lost. I hear so many people say they never watched it because they heard the finale sucks.  I can only shake my head when I hear this. They have no idea what they are missing. 
Abnormally large things, mostly fish. Like things that are bigger than they are supposed to be. Saw that video of the giant sea turtle on here the other day and gagged so hard.
Family being hurt 
Myself or loved ones being tortured and killed.
What?
cause we're massive bro
It's fun.
If I stay doped up it's good. Unfortunately for the new year I gave up weed, just temporarily because I'm looking for a job, but my back fucking hurts and it's all I can think about. 
During the first few months it was kind of faulting, but after a few years it leveled off and I'm doing a ton better. I learned to live with it and it helped me start focusing on more important things, get my mind off thinking about the pain all the time. 
Quite poorly.  Admittedly so, I just got married and both sides of my family are completely fucked in the head. But I used to be a lot more resilient to stressful situations, and now I’m just not.  I saved 25% of my medication for 3 months for a one week trip with my wife’s family, and between the constant arguing and the physical demand of the trip, I just barely made it. It was supposed to be a nice family vacation and it was just miserable...  I’m really not sure what to do anymore...
A DUI that I absolutely deserved 
yr 12
My social life. 
The internet should be free for all to use. If you can't handle what's on it then don't use it.
I don’t think anything should be censored on the internet. If you want to be a nazi go for it. If you want to talk about murder go for it. Hate speech? Right ahead. People have opinions and ideas let them have them no matter how fucked up.   
Like it or not the internet is censored and always has been. Can you view child porn? Copyright protected material? No, it is therefore censored.   However, while some censorship is good, other censorship is bad. There a grey area where censorship occurs for otherwise good reasons. Such is the case of the University of California Berkely deleting 20,000 documentaries because they didn't have closed captioning in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. When several people complained about the lack of CC in available documentaries Berkeley was forced remove all of them.  So should the internet be censored? Yes, absolutely. But we should always be aware of the consequences and prepared to defend it for both for and against.  Reality is never black and white and our laws shouldn't be either.
I loved how Janelle Monae managed to out-weird Nardwuar in her interview.
Mr. Deadpool
I own an apartment in a hotel. After dreaming about someone breaking into my flat, I woke to someone really walking around my flat thinking its the flat he rented from the hotel. I left the door open by mistake
A girl in therapy told me she did an overdose that morning. That split second when I realized her life or death was in my hands was terrifying.  She did survive and is now locked up in a mental facility (or whatever its called)  Edit: I forced her to tell our therapists about it and she finally did because I wouldn't leave. They called an ambulance and she went to the hospital.
A bad acid trip.
A massage or orgasm I guess?
I'm not sure I understand the question. ASMR isn't specifically audio! I've definitely experienced it before, and I'm deaf. Audio is just *one* trigger!
They have ASMR too. It's just more vibration based.
It's a hell of a drug
I used to think I knew what it was. Now I'm not so sure.
I wonder if this is how most pop lyrics were written 
"If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best."  If you have this in your profile, I'm going to assume that you're a massive cunt.
“420 Friendly” and “I hope you like kids because I have two of them”.
"Work hard, play harder" implies that you'll never have time for me because you're a workaholic and also likely an alcoholic/drug-addict.
Probably “Cold” I’d imagine 
I’d say ‘Yellow’ possibly 
hmm, probably Paradise .. or from older ones Viva La Vida, Yellow..Fix You..  
r/letsnotmeet, it’s a subreddit about true stories, rather than nosleep which is fiction. 
/r/Worldnews
/r/Scp 
Mob Liquid’s John Gotti flavor. Honeydew and vanilla cream, mmmmm MM
Im actually straight, but the best I've smelled was Sour Patch Kids
Brown sugar peaches and pears by Flavorz by Joe. It's the only one I've ever loved.
This Christian guy I know who always claimed to be closest to righteousness/godly because of his beliefs and his marriage, but he constantly checks out and talks to other women then goes ahead and cheats on his wife. Has the nerve to still pretend his marriage is awesome because “the lord has blessed him”. Most unauthentic guy I know.
All the illegal stuff politics do and the "consequences".  Forgot to pay $100 in taxes but you're a regular person? Well shit bro.   Slept with a 16 year old girl but you're an governor or something similar? Cool story bro.
Someone telling you that your angry in a convo, but they are
[Not this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7nlfna/who_knows_a_good_joke/?st=JBXFTEBX&sh=b65eacab) 
My friend's grandma's goldfish
Soceity
Eat the ring and then take a dump in front of her at a restaurant. Thank me later. 
I saw some guy made a video game to propose to his fiancée. Pretty sure I saw it on Reddit too. 
Do it somewhere you never have been or rarely go.  That way the memory will be more profound!
Just be yourself
User name checks out
This.
I tend to be more focused on superficial things when going on a date with a random person, but when I date a friend I’m less focused on it because I’m more attracted to their personality since I know them better.
Seeing as dating a rando caused me te LOSE most of my friends back then, I'd definitely say rando.   Who needs friends who instantly turn their backs on you like that?
Random 
Kim Jong-un will say some shit.
We'll get some terrorist attacks here and there. Some celebrities will die. Everyone will act like this was the worst year ever at the end.
I'm going to unknowingly gain 30 lbs and won't know that until someone whom I haven't seen since 2017 will say,  damn you got fucking fat!!
Banana, ice, two Carmel cookies and something strong 
Banana, oats, honey, almond milk, peanut butter and protein powder <3
Banana, blueberries, spinach or kale, carrot juice, strawberries 
Met in high school. Broke up when we started uni. Got back together about 5 years later. Married for more than 20 years.
We had been together for 3 years, long distance, but knew each other practically our whole lives. I was in college and he had a full time job back home. When things began to get even more serious, he got scared of a deeper commitment and told me that he didn’t love me anymore.  He was kind of cruel in the way he ended it and I was completely crushed. A few days later, he told me he was an idiot and wanted me back but I refused because I couldn’t trust him, even though I loved him....  We were broken up for just about a year. In that time, we dated other people and did our own thing. Truthfully, I’m glad we had some time apart to try new things and to grow up. He randomly text me one day that he “‘missed me” and wanted to take me out to dinner to talk. He got me to go by saying “at least come get free food”.  We went to dinner and talked. Everything just felt right, and whole again. It took quite a while for me to trust him again but he worked really hard at earning it back.  4 years and a premarital counseling session and he’s my husband, currently snoring next to me.  The experience only made us closer in the end, he’s my best friend. 
When I spelled it genius.
r/titlegore
I remember being trapped in a lamp....
Pizza place.   Specialty pizzas are often more expensive than just buying the pizza with the toppings on it and getting a sweet 3topping or any toppings discount.
Become a regular. I'd routinely give away free food/make special orders for regulars.   Also if you substitute/add ingredients check the prices to see if ordering it a different way is cheaper.   Source: worked at Arbys 11 years
Don't over share with them
Don't take everything they do or say personal.  Learn their nature and character first, so you will know when they are being sincere with you or are they just being them.  
As terrible as this sounds, I always just think that people will eventually screw me over. It helps me to just have a "screw it" mentality. Pretty piss poor coping mechanism that I'm trying to change though.
Started smoking casually at 11 (father smoked, brother smoked). Turned full time by 16. Was smoking probably a pack a day or more until 31 when I got pregnant. Quit immediately. Haven't had one since. Am 34 now. Tried probably 20 times before that to quit.   There's nothing like potentially harming someone growing inside you to make you quit. 
It was harder stopping smoking than it was stopping using oxycontin.
Smoked for 17 or 18 years.  I switched to an e-cig.  At this point, I can go days without it, so I consider that quitting.  To me addiction is when what you are doing is compulsive.  I didn't even want to smoke most of the time.  I didn't want to buy another pack.  I just did because my brain was messed up. 
no more famine
Poverty should be non existent 
Everyone needs light-sabers.
r/legaladvice 
I know this is a specific situation, but I really need some help.  Ok, I’ll try and keep this brief, but I would really like some opinions  My sister (17) was raped by one of her friends (17 or 18) a few months ago. There is no dna evidence and my sister doesn’t want to press charges.  I’m considering getting his address, going to his house, and telling his parents everything that happened. I really want to hold this kid responsible in some way. Hopefully his parents believe me or question their child or something  I was raped by a 40 year old when I was  a kid and my biggest regret was that he is still out there (there were at least 1 other). If I could at least prevent this kid from doing it again, I would be doing some good.  Any suggestions?
Do you have any other (actual) evidence apart from your sister telling you that she was raped by that guy. I mean, how are you and your sister gonna prove that he actually raped your sister and that your sister isn't making up shit. There not even any DNA evidence! I'm sorry. I'm just being neutral. 
Goodfellas 
Tommy by The Who
I am not a fan of that genre but Drive's whole soundtrack just blew me away.
Stop chewing gum. Already broke it.
run every day
attending lectures and noFap.
Money For Nothing by Dire Straits
For whom the bell tolls!
"Black Magic Woman" - Santana
Be kind. Please rewind.
Calling a girls house and having to speak with whoever answers the phone first.
How to play outside without parents watching everything you do.
No equivalent. Men don’t have anything similar to a period so they wouldn’t have anything similar to a tampon.
There isnt one
Butt tampons in case you get diarrhea
Kaleb, Kyle, Megan, Aiden, Jaden, Briella, Michael, Navaeh, Kiana, Rory, Madison, Bailey.  I have a lot of names I really hate. 
A name that can't translate.  Am sick of people being unable to figure out how to pronounce my name.
I would never give my kid my name. Naming your kid after yourself seems like the most pompous, egotistical thing possible. No junior or the the second etc.
I get defensive quickly
Just break all contact with her.
A friend of mine got upset at me and pointed out all of my flaws. I took it as an opportunity to make adjustments, and kept adjusting from there. I'm glad he told me up front. 
That depends on where you're coming from.  If you're from a Spanish speaking area of the world, go to San Juan.  If you're of the Asian persuasion, try Honolulu. 
Id say any, probably New York as long as your legal we are very fond of immigrants. 
None. Trump hates immigrants and America is going down the shitter. Don't come here. 
Go to any 80's/90's music video on Youtube and there's a good chance you'll find comments about music going to shit in 2000 (maaybe they say early 2000's but its rare). That's 18 freaking years lol. But they really mean the 2010's cause they mention artists like Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift who peaked after 2010. Why does society still think the 00's suck? What is the cause of this effect? Please help.  Like seriously, when is the mainstream gonna accept the 00's as a nostalgic decade too.
The last 8 years didn't happen nobody knows what happened we start a new 10 at 25 and the difference continues to expand, nobody realizes it /life
Because autotune was invented in 1998, close to 2000. Since autotune has become wide spread, pop music is now far less about talent (you only need to be mediocre and autotune takes care of the rest) and far more about looks.
It
Shutter Island  The Drop  
Curious George.
printing money for myself
Stay at home dad.
Zookeeper!!
A wife and kid. I dunno maybe its because my best friend is a recent dad, another friend has become a second mother to her  baby nephew, and a couple people I watch on YT have adorable little families, but I cannot for the life of me get me having a little family of my own out of my head.  I mean I can barely take care of myself but seeing all these little famlies popping up makes me want to have one of my own, they all just seem so happy and I just want a piec of that pie I guess.
a holiday
To have my ex boyfriend back. Hah.
I was diagnosed with a form of autism in my early teens, about 15 years ago. It helped me understand myself much better and I've been growing ever since. It also helps a lot to not see it as a disorder.   Overall, I'm just a much happier and more relaxed guy today.
I had a huge breakdown one night at homeduring my highschool time. I cried for hours and was a complete mess.  Things got worse with my situation at school and my mom often had to call school until one day my homeroom teacher asked my mom if maybe It could be possible I have autism.  We immediately planned a test and several weeks of testing in other cities finally the result came out.  - pdd-nos (autism) - depression (mainly caused by ptsd) - severe social anxiety  At the time I was suicidal too so I got lots of therapists and about half a year later i was in groupstherapy 3 full days a week. Got meds and all and lots of intensive therapy. I've never gone back to school because it's just not an option because I got so ill from the social interactions.  I am now doing better than ever, recovered from depression. Started as freelance artist and am living life how I want at my own pace. I still have therapy once every 2 weeks and am slowly learning how to leave my house alone.  TL;DR: had breakdown, teacher called mom to ask if I wanted to get tested.   
I found out I had depression from a therapist when I was twelve (if I’d known what depression was before then, the fact that my mom took me to a therapist might’ve been a clue lol). I didn’t really react to that one because I didn’t fully understand what it meant.   I found out I had generalized anxiety disorder and social anxiety disorder when I was in the hospital, specifically the psych ward after I’d attempted suicide. Depression is way more associated with suicidality in most people’s minds, but for me it was way more anxiety-based. I convinced myself I was going to fail college and never get a job and just be a failure as a person. I was relieved to get my anxiety diagnosis because it was the beginning of me realizing those thoughts weren’t true, and learning how to combat them.   I found out I had PTSD from a therapist after I opened up to her about the fact that I had been raped when I was 15 years old. I hadn’t really considered my trauma to be PTSD, but when she suggested it I thought it made sense. Again I was somewhat relieved to get the diagnosis because it gave some legitimacy to the fact that I thought about my rape every single day, and felt fear based on events that had happened ten years before.   TL;DR: I was mostly relieved because my diagnoses gave legitimacy to things I already knew were causing me trouble and pain in my life, and helped me start to work on finding strategies to deal with these things. 
Walk what I walk Run everyday Listen more
3840*2160 i hope
Move to a new city and work in a completely different industry.
Fire. Yep I discovered fire. I feel this pretty much Trump's anything else.
Pizza.   I'd be a GOD among men!
I cleaned out a ranch dressing squeeze bottle and filled it with sour cream! Life is so much easier with sour cream in a squeeze bottle! Taco my gosh! Patent pending snitches!!
A internet service provider in Brazil "fixes" your internet by fucking your neighbors'
Making people work 70-80 hr weeks but only paying 20 hrs of overtime.  Certain managers would "take an outside break." They'd go outside chug 2 or 3 cans of beer, throw the cans on the roof, and come back in to drive fork lifts.
Bid for a job you aren't approved for in entirety  Pass subcontractor's profile for the parts you can't do  Win the bid  Do the parts of the job you can do  Call the subcontractor to do their part  Bung the subcontractor's engineer $20k to cripple his own equipment  Claim exigent circumstances and receive emergency approval to complete the job yourself 'with supervison'.  Bid for the next job, gain approval for entire scope based on prior performance.  Whee
In the great city of Columbus Ohio,  I was walking around with a couple buddies and we stopped at a crosswalk.  We witnessed a car drive by with the passenger purposefully threw out his med or large Full McDonald's strawberry milkshake onto a lady and she was literally drenched! She fell to her knees crying  in her hands from shock and embarrassment.
Saw a homeless dude take a shit on the sidewalk once. That was awesome.
I saw a man tip his motorcycle during a storm and get his head crushed by a Jeep.
I try to get the first comment on ask reddit threads. Its not that fun and I'm not very good at it
2017/2018
3/10
9/10
Some unknown guy was going to be the first or second person on the moon but Neil Armstrong's friend slipped his application into the pile after the application period had closed.  
Slavery 
My love life over the last 5 years.
75% hard work.  25% luck.
With my car
Walked here from where I parked my car.
It's probably due to lack of exposure.
I agree with a lot of people here. It comes down to exposure. It's like regional accents. To the uninitiated they all sound the same, but to locals there's rich a variety of sounds.
I am Korean myself, and i can clearly  tell the difference between all Asians, so I wanted to know why others can not.
me
http://i.imgur.com/B1Tq4QQ.gifv
Op is yhe gayest man.  Edit- the to yhe as it seemed more amusing
I do wonder about sites that might be opposed to the interests of the ISPs, anything political that calls for action against telecommunication monopolies, for example.
Any site that calls out ISPs on their BS will be throttled into oblivion. Not right away of course, they have to wait until the general public gets used to NN being gone then they'll throttle anything that paints them in a negative light AND doesn't pay them.
Small businesses and startups stand to be hurt the most with repeal of net neutrality. You may never hear of them, because they'll never have the opportunity to succeed.
My favorite aunt, Margaret, now goes by "Aunt Nugget" because that's what my (then) 3yo called her. 
booot for bread.  wowie for water  lilk for milk
Wubbie for blanket  Noodle Bear for Panda Express
money
Goods sold by services. 
Whores.
Farting in bed
Leaving items in random places all over the house. Deodorant in the kitchen, socks on the entertainment center, etc...drives me bonkers but I put up with it!
People who try to initiate Facebook comment arguments. I usually just ignore it or delete the comment.
Probably go back to when I was 12 years old cause I feel like that was the starting point of when my life turned to shit
I wouldn't have accepted the first job that came along after university.
I would ho back 3 years and try harder to make things work with the woman I loved 
Crush as in having crushes on people or crash as in...rock bottom type thing? 
For me, variety is the spice of life. I’m not promiscuous so it’s not sex. I like dating and getting to know different people. I also get bored very easily and having the highs of initial attraction and getting to know someone, it’s exciting and fun. The butterflies in your stomach, heart flutters... it’s really sexy, exciting and fun 
I'm kinda tall and look forward not down.
Everything comes to an end eventually.   I had horrible panic attacks daily (sometimes multiple times a day) for several weeks this past summer and in the moment, I felt like I would never get better. But now, 6 months later, here I am. Medication and therapy have helped and I can go many days without much major anxiety.
Present perfect (you have) is used to describe an ongoing process (a timeframe that hasn't ended) e.g. "what have you done today?"   Since 2017 is over, your question should read "what did you learn in 2017?" Versus, say, "what have you learned in 2018?"   And there's something I learned in 2017.
The less you care about stuff that doesn't directly affect your own life, the happier you'll be.
Relieving but the grieving process hits very hard. I was filled with many “what if’s” and went through a very long period of learning to forgive. 
Glad they were gone, disappointed I didn't kill them.
Ausive parent OR relative
We were pretty sure the neighbours were sneaking in and using our dryer (laundry never locked). Turned out in time they were. They left some pyjamas in our dryer. So we had a p.j. party out back and me and my room mate wore them so they could see
Loud sex upstairs with even louder music. Cops called 3x plus a night because Tuesday 3AM is for sleeping. Fuck that guy.
We moved into our home seven years ago on Halloween.  The very next day the lady living right behind us comes up and say, oh my goodness, it’s so wonderful to have someone who has moved in. What are you going to do about the flooding in my driveway?  Little did we know that our property and her drive way meet at an angle which does cause  drainage issues. We decide to immediately install some rain barrels in the back yard to try and help with overflow water problems.  This does not appease her.  We also install a dry well in the back yard to try and help.  This also does not appease her.   At this point we can see that while she is trying to be a decent human being, she is old, and cranky, and dealing with a husband who is has severe MS. So, we try and be as patient as possible.   Come spring time, our son is running around our front yard, while my wife is gardening in the back yard. I’m at work. While this is happening, the police show up at our home, asking to speak to the parents as there has been reports of neglect at our house for letting our children run wild without supervision. (We found out later that she had walked past and spoken with my son, who was four at the time, before calling the police).  After speaking with my wife (I was at work during this), the police agreed that this was ridiculous and that it would be great to have neighbors speak with one another on matters that seem to be an issue.  So, after all of this, we move into summer, and we have the city show up at our door citing that our neighbors are worried about wild fires (a legitimate risk in our area), only to have them point our a six inch high patch of grass around the communal mailboxes.  The final straw was when we had a high wind storm and one of our trees dropped a large branch over half our property and the neighbor to our right (she is behind us for reference). I spent three days cleaning up the mess, mending fences, and making sure everything was ok. We even called an arborist out to make sure the trees were healthy.  The next weekend, while I’m at work, my pregnant wife answers the door with my son to find the irate neighbor in her face about how we were going to kill them with our trees.   The next day I marched over and told her never to speak to my wife again, and that if she had any further issues she could take them up with my lawyer (which I lost certainly don’t have). After that moment we were treated with much greater regard until she sold the house about two years later.  I know she was a crazy loon most likely pushed to her limits by family health issues and stress, but gawdammit, am I happy she is gone. Since we had a super chill family move in behind us that grows for a living.  TL;DR shitty next door neighbor gave us constant trouble. Mentioned lawyers, problems seemed to die off. 
I like to tell the short story of it -  Lebron James once asked me if I pooped my pants.  I don't mind elaborating, but I like telling it that way, and in fact I'm off to bed right now so I can update tomorrow for those anyone who remembers to check it out lol
The story of Mary Vincent. When she was 15, she was picked up by a guy in a van while hitchhiking. He ended up hitting her over the head with a sledge hammer, chopping both of her arms off, and throwing her down a 30 foot ravine. She stuck her stumps in the dirt to stop the bleeding and spent the whole day climbing back out. She now has two kids and he died of cancer in prison. 
So here's the story About a little guy that lives in a blue world And all day and all night and everything he sees is just blue Like him, inside and outside Blue his house with a blue little window And a blue Corvette And everything is blue for him And himself and everybody around 'Cause he ain't got nobody to listen
I was listening to Keith Urban's Blue ain't your colour, and the song is good but it's lyrics sound like a r/niceguys post
I view it from far away.  And laugh.
It's not good imo. 1 person in a family getting injured can financially hurt a family a lot. It's not a good way to make sure people are healthy. I live in Denmark where we pay high taxes and have "free" healthcare. It works well because it secures families from going bankrupt if someone gets injured or sick enough 
Well I went to the hospital for 5 hours. They didn't figure out what was wrong with me, but still billed me over $6,000.
Australia, I love the place. Never been, but it looks hot like here
I’m Russian/Canadian. Nothing much, really, seems like a nice country.  Oh god this is political isn’t it 
I have a picture of a train for my background, but it used to be a beach.  I dig Israel. I had a chance to visit a number of years ago, and I enjoyed my stay a great deal. 
Can't control how you feel; only your actions.  If she wants to stay w/ me, and doesn't act on that crush, then it's fine.
I would be lying if I said I wasn't a bit crushed. (No pun intended.) I guess it's because when I have an SO I only have eyes for them. I wouldn't feel comfortable continuing the relationship.
I know she's faithful. Plus, it's Jim from The Office.  
Draining the treasury.
Probably the same that’s there during the day.. bodies 
My fucking cat scratching at the bottom of it. 
Yeah. It’s the nine-tailed fox.
follow Jesus' teachings
Breathe 
Smoke cigarettes
going to bed at a reasonable hour
Not smoking for me...tomorrow's a new day....
WE GAVE YOU TITS MY DUDES.   WHO CARES HOW MANY PENNIES WE MADE.   TITS!
My sister got married in 1991. She just finished her junior year of high school. In January 1992 she had her first child, and in May 1992 she graduated High School. She has been faithfully married for almost 27 years, and she has been a LPN for 15+ years, and she i currently working on her RN. 
Hunny bunny. Especially in diners.
I call him "bub" and he calls me "bum". It's so silly but I find it cute.
You
Because I don’t wanna be around others
I either want to listen to the radio, I'm in a hurry and just want to slam it down right quick, or I've got my dog with me.
Social anxiety. I find it easier to eat in my nice quiet car than get down into a crowded restaurant. Plus, at several restaurants in my town you get faster service in driver through.
I was on reddit
throwed up 4 times at once after the new eve party and got sick 
I didn't go to a party because I didn't wanna make desert for said party, so I stayed home.
Gomez and Mortica Addams. The passion they have for each other has always been a love I long to have
Andy Dwyer and April Ludgate
Troy and Abed
Rain.
When I see people smile.
reading
Pay for my parents to retire and enjoy life. Today.
Make sure people don't have to worry about money either
Set up a few foundations that could help others.   Homelessness, mental health services, hunger, children needing basic necessities like shoes and blankets, food and even toys -- these things really bother me. I'd like to do something that could help in any of those areas. 
The Walking Dead
Arrow. 
 Mythbusters started by debunking myths with experiments and ended by finding excuses to blow stuff up.
Basically is the “instant” in “instant classic” unnecessary?
Romance anime
Musicals. A regular movie can't really make me feel much, or it has to be really good rather, whilst adding music just touches my soul...
Reddit porn
Gave my keys to a random to do some banking. They returned it. Was all good.
I let a valet park my car. That shit bothers me, I don't trust anyone but me driving my car.
It was the opposite situation, but someone on the Greyhound had me watch their baby while they used the bus bathroom. It was only for a few minutes and it was probably only a few months old, but damn I must have a trustworthy face.
Don’t put your phone on speaker in public places 
If someone has something on their face, discretely tell them about it immediately and politely.    There's nothing worse then seeing you've got something on your face in the mirror and wondering how many people have seen it and not told you.
Don't make marks in a book that someone loaned to you. That means no dog-earing the pages, no highlighting/underlining/circling phrases and no writing notes in the margins. If you want to do that crap, get your own copy, don't ask to borrow a copy from me.
I don't work at one but I've been to one where someone got glassed and the floor manager pushed a button and the next thing I knew there were so many security guard's where it happened it wasn't funny, no idea where the fuck they all came from.
Use to work security at a fairly large casino. There was a Fuckin F5 tornado(biggest one that there is) like 1/2 a mile away and people didn't want to leave their machines to go to a shelter. What the fuck is wrong with you? Yeah the tornado passed us but still it could have ended badly. Casinos are terrible places...
It's a bit early for this question, comrade. 
Yesterday I had pizza, I think that’s it...
French toast with cinnamon apples for breakfast. Best way to start a new year after a hangover.
priests. little altar boys. touchy. i'll leave it at that.
Because it's a major part of how people construct their identity and see their place in the world.   If you tell someone who has given their life to a faith that it's all bullshit, that has a profound impact for them. 
Because there are a lot of people who will argue tooth and nail that their beliefs are correct in order to avoid the inevitable existential crisis of not actually being able to explain the reason for existence. Basically, anything you say regarding religion is going to offend someone somewhere because they can't handle their own beliefs being challenged.
I was on my room mates computer at one point -- I did not need to know his fetishs
What kind of porn you like.. If any
I know a girl who is adopted, I don't know if she knows now, but I know for sure I knew before she did. 
Stairway to Heaven
Tennessee whiskey 
I want validation that my opinion is accepted and valued by strangers.
Upvotes.
Social interaction is what I like from it
"hamood Habibi" has recently resurfaced as a meme, but was actually a classic Israeli viral video.
Psycho Andreas from germany, dunno how known he is outside my country
There was this newscaster in New Zealand who was delivering the news in a school library, and this one kid appears in the frame behind the report and says 'what the fuck are you doing in the library?' and the reporter just turned around and said 'this is the fucking news'. 
Which God should I believe in? Which is the true one? No one religion answers this question better than another. Should I just blindly take the path of my parents? Albert Camus calls this philosophical suicide.  EDIT: I am actually agnostic, but you get the jist
It just straight up makes no sense to me in any way 
Assuming you do believe in God, you have chosen not to believe in Allah, Vishnu, Zeus, Helios, Odin, Budda, Waheguru and all of the thousands of other gods that other people worship today and have worshipped in the past.  I simply don't believe in one more than you.  Or as Stephen Roberts summed it up: "I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours." 
Meeting my long distance boyfriend for the first time in person. I have many happy moments in my life, yet I seem to forget them... I don't think I will ever forget embracing someone I truly loved for the first time. I imagine having kids would feel like that, but exponentially stronger. Feeling that love and then getting to hold them... I very much look forward to experiencing that again.
Singing Fix You by Coldplay with 55 thousand other people. 
Winning a state title in football. Growing up I always went to the state championship game and as a little kid the high schoolers seemed like giants, so being able to win a state title and fulfill a life long dream was pretty awesome. Felt even better when we won back to back
Slavery
Porn. 
Dabbing.
Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. Unique, tasty, and really easy to make
Fried rice, I make killer fried rice!
Tiramisu.
Measure parts of your body.   Width across your knuckles.   Distance from your thumb to your index finger outstretched.   Distance from finger to elbow.   Distance from fingertip to nose.   Or you can be a surveyor for 45 yrs (like me) and you just eyeball the distance. 
Whatever way Im doing it never works out so Im thinking it doesnt work or its user error
by referencing a known object next to it. i.e. my fingertips to nipple is 1 mtr
Seems like there are some circumstances where it's the reasonable, compassionate option. 
If they can't recover and are just essentially meat kept fresh by machines, why keep them alive? The family wants to keep them? What are they, house plants?
I think of it like this: if it cant survive without a machine probably for the best. 
To stop drinking soda... Doesn't help when its literally offered everywhere.
Be happy 
Don't worry, Be Happy, EX NC EX No help Stop being so nice/pushover 
Keep yourself so busy that it doesn't have a chance to pop in your head. I had it so bad it was paralyzing. But no one want's to hear this. The way I got over it entirely was accepting death before my brain surgery and afterwards I lost my heartbeat for ~5 minutes.   Now I am just worried about reaching goals and experiencing the things I want to before my clock stops ticking. I truly understand how terrible the feelings and thoughts can get and hope you find a way to overcome it. But my only advice is really to stay as busy as you can. Just be happy for the experiences you are able to have. The good and the bad. 
try opening up about it.   It doesn't work for everyone but I find talking about exactly what I am feeling at that very moment of panic it tends to change my perspective on it and make it more understandable which tends to help  Stay strong :) 
maybe an app Youper can help? and also cold showers!
More money, more problems.   I make more money than my parents when I was growing up. And now the stress of having that money coming is the same as when I didn't make as much money. I was more conservative with my money then, now I tent to blow it as it comes in. Sad reality. 
It says a lot about someone who has elevated themselves out of the economic group they grew up around. Your circle of friends change, your perception of money changes, and other things.  I'm two groups above the low income poverty level I grew up around. I have more freedom to choose what I do to support my happiness which includes traveling, experience other cultures in the world, learning that there is an entire different way of thinking and living that I wasn't aware of as a younger child.  Sure, mo money, mo problems, but that's only if you manage your finances poorly and spend all your hard earned money on things that don't serve you on your journey to happiness.  Growing up poor, I was supported and saw liberal mindsets help me get myself out of poverty. But now that I'm financially comfortable, I adopted some conservative philosophies that wouldn't support the way I was supported growing up. I still struggle with the balance of giving back and helping people who need that help and support I received.
Oh my lord. This is the perfect post for me right now. Earlier today I went to the grocery store, and the dumbest person in a 20 mile radius happened to be checking out right in front of me. He puts all of his stuff on the belt and the lady starts scanning all of his items. The grand total came to $150, but apparently there wasn't even *close* to enough money on his debit card to pay for it, so he grabbed a few things to take back, but instead of just leaving them he decided he wanted to get the cheaper version of the same product. Now, apparently he really underestimated how much cheaper the off-brand items were because his grand total went from $150 to $140 (bare in mind I'm standing at the register while he's running back and forth). Finally, after numerous attempts to get the price down, but zero lessons learned about the price difference between name-brand and off-brand, he gave up and left everything in the bags, not paying for anything. What a guy. 
I feel my mouth and nose smells like smoke since morning. Because I smoked last night. Don't know how to get rid of it. (Not regular smoker)
Some of my coworkers are really bad at their job and don't take care of their residents at all
people who throw dollar bills at the cashier in a rush before yelling, 'keep the change!'.
Probably a make america great again hat
My body at the gym
Read Mafalda from Quino and blow your mind. It's from the 60s and it's like she's speaking to our days.
Other countries? In reference to which country? Pretty sure most countries have comics...
Surviving, with our trying
eting, slepping or work
Has the jobs 
Tips
Pay potential. I earned a lot more money in terms of tips as a waitress working at Hooters than I did at any other restaurant I worked at.
OP, how stupid are you?  The answer is MONEY!  I knew a girl who at 17 worked as a host as Chilis.  A friend of hers turned 18, and got hired at Hooters.  Chilis girl was making like $7.50 an hour.  Hooters girl was making $100+ on weekdays, $200 on weekend nights.  Yeah, in high school, making $600 a week working 4 days.
Adults know the answers to everything 
Eating snails. Pooping outdoors. Running around naked. Just small things I only do at night now 
I thought vineyards dedicated to the grape being wine was called wineyards........ I was terribly wrong up until I was twenty
So, once you master the art of not giving a fuck. You find something small and meaningless to enjoy. Which can be anything really because everything is small and meaningless.   I play video games. And struggle through school even though it's completely pointless, success is how you survive in this dumb civilization man-kind built.   I hope for advancements in space and mind tech. So either we can find aliens to find out the meaning of life or transfer our consciousness to a computer to live in existential dread forever. 
Gardening. 
I enjoy my family and my personal possessions. I hope my kids grow up healthy smart and strong, and I can retire in 10 years to a plot of land in the woods where I’ll be left alone.
So boring compared to American schools, no one ever bursts into the school with an ak-47
We didn’t have things like prom queen and king. I don’t think voting on popularity is that fair really.
Uhh, we don't need student loans...
You are born with so much hope, as a child you want to have adventures and learn about the world around you. You grow up learning what is wrong and right, but when you get older you learn that life is not that simple. You become frustrated with the lack of justice in the world, that not everything is fair, that you get told to stop asking questions, to stop being so loud while having fun, to be more realistic and lower your expectations and that dreams will always be dreams. Why wouldn't you be angry at the world?
A deficit in theory of mind.  For those who don't know, this means that they struggle to see others as having desires, perceptions and beliefs that may not be the same as their own.  Thus, rather than trying to see things from another person's perspective, they simply discount anyone who doesn't believe as they do or want the same things as stupid and evil.
It migrates there from the liver when you learn how stupid the rest of humanity is.
Coke
Getting out of your comfort zone will eventually broaden your comfort zone 
Just suck it up... we all die
The future is going to give me flowers because I am planting some seeds and I am going to take care of them.
I hope my future comes to a halt in 1 week from right about this moment.
Maybe a pipe dream, but I can't wait for the emergence of convincing artificial intelligence.  Just to have someone to talk to at any time.
Nice try Zoey
Who is Zoey Deschanel?
Same as the rest of the world.   SHE'S A FUCKING ANGEL. 
I have a few product ideas that I’d love to mass-produce.  I don’t want my ideas stolen, but basically any time I’ve asked “why doesn’t anyone mass-make/sell these?” I form a tentative plan for how my business of doing just that might look.  Most of my stuff is holiday based or would benefit broke college students who want to spice up their dorms. 
Play music!
funny thing is that so many people work plenty of odd shifts. i guess there probably are more 1st shifters than the other shifts, but i don't think that we 2nd and 3rd shifters should be weird about it...  except for these reasons:  we miss evening event, such as sports, children stuff and social hangouts. we have to mow the lawn before a long day of work, unless we want to wait for the weekend to do it. most restaurants are closed by the time we get out of work. when we leave work, it's dark outside. it's easy to sleep in until work, so many of us never see daylight.  What do I do when I'm feeling motivated enough?  Wake up earlier, do shit before work. Then, spend an hour tops of winding down after work before getting ready for bed. This way, I can feel accomplished during the work week. The weekends can then be used for pure relaxation, as I hustle harder during the work week.
I grow a beard, wear flannel, and attach wheels to my house.
What gives me uncontrollable gas?  Nazis
Slaves, betcha can't have just one!
Lifetime movies presents Incest, the story of running out of semen.
Probably jerk it
I'd like to say something constructive.   But prolly just movies, videogames, and work out. 
Set up project mayhem 
did you ever watch Twilight?
Diarrhea 
Cold cut combo on white with lettuce, tomato, pickle, black olive, mayo, salt & pepper 
Disappointment 
This damn bra
When I was in middle school I opened a window that had an air conditioner in it and it fell out and almost hit someone standing down below. I blamed it on the cat. I’m pretty sure everyone knew I was lying but I’ve never actually admitted to it. 
People need to understand that just because a woman leaves an abusive relationship, that doesn't mean the abuse ends.  The torture never seems to end.  I finally left my husband and we were divorced this year...but it never ends.  We have kids so I can't block him.  He tortures me via text and phone and if I don't reply to his drunken rages, it only gets worse.  I feel such despair that it will ever end.  And I have nobody to talk to about it.  Nobody understands or wants to hear about it.
About 10 years ago I was chosen by an old dog that lived near me, previously owned by some friends of mine. Husky/Beagle mix. She saw me walking to school back when I was probably a freshman in high school and just started following me. Waited outside all day and followed me home. Every day for years she did this. Wandered the town or around my house during school or while I was inside but always sensed if I went out for a walk and joined me from wherever. For the most part the small town cops and residents didn't mind the leash law violation, she just wandered around the town  A beautiful and very intelligent dog, keyed into my mood really well, was playful (loved the snow), just liked to look at me and listen to me. I was about the only person who could pick her up without her rolling over and squirming, and the only person to ever give her a bath successfully.  She had been hit by a car in the past, recovered, and one night she was lagging a bit further behind me and some maniac speeding clipped her front half and smacked her pretty good. Threw her hip out of place or something and bloodied her nose. I had to carry her down the street to my house. Within twenty minutes she was trying to follow me to get some shit I left where she got hit.   Two days later trotting around like nothing happened. Tough dog. She lived another three years or so after that, just started getting old (16-17 I think) and stopped being as active. She found a friend in my then gf's dog and just basically moved in with them, stayed in their back yard and popped up to see me when I'd pass by.   One day, the now ex's mom messaged me that she was gone and they had buried her in their yard. We had been broken up for a while and not on speaking terms, so it was probably five years before I ever went over to even see where she was buried.   Got in my feelings about all kinds of stuff and hadn't had a dog since so I just basically showed up in the middle of the night and asked to see her. Never got to say goodbye, and just kind of talked to a bunch of plants where she was buried like she was listening.  Got a tattoo of her goofy ass on my chest, everyone calls me Puppy Tit, it's wonderful.
I’m not a dog person because the one I had as a child bit me badly and we had to get rid of it.  Dogs just make me nervous.  With that said, there are a few which come to mind.    My cousin had an old dog.  She always greeted me when I’d visit 1-2 times a week.  She was medium-small, and would sit with me, and even  when rough-housing she was gentle.  The second was my in-law’s dog.  He’s a medium breed and amazing with kids, so I was never anxious around him.  And then there was the “rat.”  My friends had this chihuahua, I think it was pure-bred.  Those poor dogs have such problems.  She was tiny, yappy, and full of energy, unless I was over.  She was like a cat to me.  She curled up with me and claimed me as her human.  She reluctantly shared my lap with my at-the-time infant son.  Sadly, the owners couldn’t take care of her anymore as they had more kids, but I hear she went to a nice home. 
He wasn't my dog, he belonged to some friends. He was an adult Rottweiler, named Bear. People are afraid of Rottweilers. I saw this when I would take him for a walk. People would cross the street when they saw us coming, afraid that he was going to eat them.  What they didn't know was that he was a big baby. He had no concept of being so large that he could knock over furniture. He wanted to sit in your lap like he did when he was a puppy. He was all about the rubs, and wanted you to rub him all over for hours. He wouldn't have hurt a fly, unless I guess you were being threatening toward his owners or him personally. He was always happy to see me, and would come over so I could give him some rubs, and he'd lay next to me, in case I had any more rubs left over.  An hysterical thing he loved to do was give the cat a tongue bath. He would slobber all over her and lick her and get her wet wtih dog spit. She loved it.  It's been twenty years since I saw him, so he has long since gone to the puppy farm in the sky. But I miss him. He was a good boy.
Theoretical possibility of advancement. If we could get to this point, once we're gone (we likely wouldn't allow another advanced species to co-exist out of stupidity and fear), perhaps something else could too. 
We are good hosts for parasites.And we provide shelter for insects. Also some bacteria have evolved thanks to our constant fight against them.  We may have killed lots of species, but i bet some species would be happy to see we are so dependent on them that they will never be endangered. Like cows, or chicken.  I don't know if any of the modern medicine has actually improved the life expectancy of some animals, or if we have eradicated some deseases that affect animals or plants.  And we gave the rest of the inhabitants cool names.   
If we were to be attacked by Aliens only humans have the technology/intelligence to help defend.  Can't think of anything else, for the most part we are ruining the planet about as much as an asteroid destroyed the dinosaurs.
You have good alcohol. Your people tell good jokes and are good in a fight.  
I love your whiskey and your accents
Argentine here. We both hate England so we're fine.
None. The moment you try and create regulations is the moment you have to create some sort of registry that keeps track of who owns guns and who doesn't. That makes it easy for the government to disarm you, because the government would know where your guns are.  The government shouldn't have a monopoly on violence, as the citizens having the ability to potentially start a violent revolution is the difference between a people that is truly free, and a people that is only free at the convenience of the government.
No explosives like c-4 or RPGs. I wouldn't want negligent storage to be the reason an entire apartment building goes down.   No guns for violent felons.
[deleted]
Broke up and did not remain friends, too many feelings left behind to maintain a friendship
Stated before we would be friends for forever regardless of what happened. Ended up breaking up... Haven't seen or talked to them in years
He was my best friend in college managed to convince me to break up with my boyfriend who I was extremely happy with. I took his virginity and after that he distanced himself from him. After talking to him he asked me to wait since he wasn't fully ready for a super serious relationship, which is what I was previously in, so I understood and waited. Found out about two months later that he apparently got the courage to ask out his high school crush and she said yes. So I lost a relationship that I was super happy in and had next to no problems with and lost a friend since he went from telling me everything to hiding his relationships from me for two months 'in case they didn't work out.' It sucked a lot at first but I've gotten used to being single but I lost all confidence I had in myself when it came to dating and relationships.
Internet!!!
Join a group for something you enjoy. It’s reliable but low commitment social interaction and you’ll always have something to talk about there 
I met the Mrs at paintball. Yeah, shot her in the neck, and we just hit it off. 
Go look at the top posts of this subreddit and you’ll see 
This seems like you are just trying to fuel a fetish of yours. 
Sex with cousin is like pineapple on pizza   It’s tasty but deep inside you know you are doing it wrong 
Look up pug party on YouTube 
https://youtu.be/iPuTYsiLhzA
checkout r/youtubehaiku
Um I think I've already passed 17...  Idk, invite all my friends over to play smash bros wii u
On my 17th birthday I was waiting for Starcraft Ghost to come out  Fucking Blizzard 
Gather some friends, game till ya can't game no more.   Have no friends? Boy have I got a deal for you! Called team chat! Online just fuck around and be friendly in the voice channel and you'll probably pick up a group slowly enough.
Whether or not she wants to date me. 
I don't want to know who doesn't like me
If I'm actually being watched/harassed or if I've developed a serious mental illness
Alcohol and certain drugs. 
Look at your phone while walking next to a busy intersection. 
May I ask why you want to suppress it? 
Gelatin. Or at least, I’ve heard there’s crushed up bones in it. Please correct me if I’m wrong though. 
Carmine/cochineal is a red food and cosmetic colouring made from crushed up scale insects. 
GF lol
The Last Of Us II, Madoka Movie 4, Metroid Prime 4
I want to be gangbanged by women with strapons 
Men are always wrong, and women are always right. To get the correct answer you will have to ask a woman.     
Anytime a sex's dignity is belittled to make another feel better
it's all a damn blur because everyone has his/her own opinion of what racism feminism, anti-feminism, and sexism is.  
Don't beat around the bush.  "I'm not interested."
What the fuck is a leg beard?
Legbeard?
Because telling your coworkers 'I just need seven minutes of not looking at your stupid face' is frowned upon. 
Its incredibly addicting.  Its funny, I've given up drugs and booze, but for some reason smoking stays with me.  Addiction is a funny thing.
I don't care about my health, and it's one of the few things in life that feels good. 
Wellllllllll.  It first started when I noticed that my parents were both Caucasian and I was Asian... The events were similar to that one scene in Easy A...  -----  Nah, I was adopted at 3 months from Korea by an Australia Family. My Mum and Dad were always open with me about it from the moment I was able to understand what being adopted was, so I don't think there was much of a reaction. We took part in a lot the Australia Korea Friendship Group activities when I was a kid, which is an organisation that runs fun 'culture days and events'.  There were a few funny adventures along the way. One of my Mum's favourite stories is being asked once in a shopping centre by a lady "will he be able to understand you when he's older?" I've also trolled many people by telling them that my younger sister (born to my adoptive parents - surprise!!!) is the adopted one when showing them photos of us.   
They used stuff like Technicolor to artificially process film color after filming.  When you get later on, it's all about the quality of the film and camera equipment they used which improved along with technology.  Edit: Since when are movies from the late 70's and 80's considered "old?" >.< 
Poor quality film
It's to do with how they recorded, and then re-produced colour - with the most famous "industry standard" process called Technicolor.  Technicolor is known for it's saturated colour reproduction and was originally made by colour separating the incoming light from the lenses onto different films and then dying the films in post production with the opposite colour.    Technicolor films in the early 1920s used a two strip "subtractive" process, which separated the original light into two films ("strips") using a green filter and a red filter.  The reproduction then dyed the filtered films in their complimentary colours (orange-red and cyan-green respectively) and then shone light through them to reproduce an approximation of the original colour.  This means that the colours of true yellow and blue are unable to be faithfully reproduced as they can only be approximated by the dyed films (and some contrast is lost in the process).  So, when you shine light through the film, white is reproduced as a cream colour.  Skin tone is much more "pink" as the "blues" in the skin tone are not able to be reproduced as well.  Skin tone, is mainly reproduced using orange-red... and therefore looks pink.  3-strip technicolor process fixed lots of these issues, which is why movies like Fantasia and Wizard of Oz are so bright and saturated with their colours - but the sets and costume designers had to accomodate.  There's a whole interesting story behind the ruby-red slippers in Wizard of Oz with the reason they are red chosen at the last minute to show off technicolor. 
McDonald's Worker = Breaking the goddamn ice cream machine. 
Interior decorator/male nurse/flight attendant = must be a pillow-biter.  (Not that there's anything wrong with that.)
karl get off reddit
Fuck you brain I do what I want
We let loose eucalyptus trees in California and now their causing massive bushfires (wildfires) there.
Kangaroos. They're like aggressive deer that fuck your car up.
Just about any of them.  [Eastern Brown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eastern_brown_snake) snakes are fun though.  I feel like [salties](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saltwater_crocodile) would be a rude shock in most places.  From plants it's [Gympie Gympie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dendrocnide_moroides) for sure.   Realistically though, there is very little in this country that can't kill you. The trick is knowing what can or can't be bothered to.  
Nothing. I keep other people awake at night
Thinking about how much my social life sucks
Reddit. 
EVE, I thought it was my type of game. I love spread sheet and overly  complicated games. I get somewhat familiar with it and started learning how I can "move up in the world". Around the time I got to concept of players making literal propaganda to discourage people form joining other factions. I realized this is little to hardcore, I asked around and did more research on the "meta" or "endgame" was.   I was floored by what I read, doing background checks on you, people destroying valuable ships in calculated fashion, and conning people into being your friends for YEARS then crippling the whole faction because you turned traitor. I'm just not that good, not that crazy to enjoy this game.   TLDR: EVE endgame is an asylum.
Persona 5, I love it but I just cant continue playing it for some reason
Dwarf Fortress is a game I don't have any interest playing but it's also pretty fascinating from a technical standpoint.
I dunno, the wage gap?
That marijuana is fine?
I can tell people im a 19 year old girl and I'll get sent dick picks within minutes 
The warming nostalgia of vintage porn!!
>Old fucks of Reddit  I wonder why they don't like millennials... 
Huge poo after a week of saving up
I like when you wake up thinking it's a workday when it's not. The realisation sets in and it's bliss. 
A good wank after a dry spell 
I was texting a plumber about fitting a dishwasher. He messaged me asking me to ‘send him a picture of the trap under my sink’. I opened my cupboard under my sink and there was by coincidence a very snazzy mouse trap with the logo ‘big cheese’ on it. I thought to myself that it was so strange that he knew I had one there, but didn’t question his request and sent him a picture of the mouse trap. He phoned me crying with laughter and told me he needed a picture of the waste trap (some sort of pipe). DUH. So embarrassing, I pretended I was joking. 
gun to her head, similar to what one of the Wayans bros did in the movie, "Don't Be a Menace While Drinking Juice in The Hood". I think that's the title. Might be missing a word or two.   link: https://youtu.be/xNN7PVAU_UU?t=125
At sunrise, on Christmas morning, on the beach, in Cabo. Told her I wanted to exchange our gifts while watching the sunrise. I wrapped a box of tissue. She opened it, was really confused, I told her she would need it in a moment. I then got on one knee and popped the question. We would divorce after 2.5 years of marriage though...so take the suggestion with a grain of salt. Best of luck!
Wilson floating away in Cast Away 😢
The final scene of Big Fish. The whole movie builds up to this scene (and is bloody Tim-Burton-y along the way), but this scene is heart wrenching to me.
“Find My Way” from Disney’s Hercules. I’ve always felt out of place even when I’m with people I like sometimes.
When I barbacked for a bowling alley, it always bothered me when people would shove their trash in the glasswear.
It really annoys me when customers ask if I’m at uni, and then try to give me life advice when I tell them that I’m not yet, but I plan to go. Fuck off and take your food please.
Finished my undergraduate degree graduating summa cum laude with a degree in mechanical engineering. Now a couple quarters away from a Master’s degree with honors in renewable energy-focused mechanical engineering at the University of Washington. Looking to start a career in renewable energy technology in the near future.
Seven years from retirement from a fifty-year career in a highly-specialized field.  There is no college degree for it, so it would have been a waste of time and money to go there and get into that debt to get a degree that I couldn't use, as I was already working in the field I wanted when I might otherwise have been going to college.
I'll be starting my third year of college at the University of Washington on Wednesday, double majoring in communications and English. I'm 31 and haven't finished my degree, but I have had an awesome and fulfilling life, and now I'm finally at a point where I want to be serious about school. My grades definitely reflect that, and I'm honestly glad I waited until I found something I really wanted to learn about.
“Why am I not asleep”
The wars at the stars 
I really want a sweet girlfriend right now.
I was 17. My mom was really disappointed but I thought my dad was gonna kill me. He was always a strict parent that was very straight edge kinda guy that didn't even drink. He had a very long talk with me about drugs and told me a bunch of stories about his drug use when he was younger and how to be safe and responsible. We smoked a joint after and really bonded. Never even knew he got high.
I think I was 15.  Moms was mad, rightfully so. But she calmed down to it over time.
I didn't tell them until my late 20's even though I had been smoking pot since I was about 17. By then I had already graduated college and was running my own successful business so what could they really say? They expressed disappointment but it wasn't a bit deal.
Fun  But nothing compares to L.A
New york state or the city? Its all ive ever known so its hard to say what its like. I live like 20 mins from the city and work in the city. The city is a kinda stressful place but also very useful. Theres so many resources there
It looks like the worst hell on earth, followed closely is L.A. give me a tiny ass town with no traffic and I'll be happy. 
Hiroyuki Sawano
FKA twigs 
Black flag.
The Diabetes
Like a pleasurable twinge in the lower abdomen, and a more sensitive crotch area that makes me want to hump something 
Red delicious apples. They look like how you learn apples are supposed to look but once you bite into one it's just mushy and gross.
Dragon Fruit. Looks great but doesn’t taste of anything. 
Any dessert item at chinese buffets. Damn you, delicious looking cake rolls that actually taste like sponges with sawdust! 
Tide pods trending on Twitter and Instagram as make believe food. why, Why,WHY?!
Anxiety attacks about our taxes? 
Gender neutral merino wool parachute pants
Drink every time Lahey does 
Pizza box. Great for good friends and getting to know new people
Drink every time you discover a famous guy is actually a sexual predator  
r/SpaceX  **OVERMODERATE, not friendly place to discuss anymore**
r/creepypms WARNING: The mods of this subreddit are very sensitive so don’t say any thing slightly negative or you will be perma-banned
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones.
The Meyerowitz Stories 
Superbad.
Get the f out 
I would definitely try them if given the opportunity 
As long as they taste good.
Monopoly. Nothing compares to owning half of the board, and sending your friends into financial ruin.
Not sure if it counts, but Avalon. It’s a strategy game that is as difficult or as easy as you make it so it isn’t alienating to people who don’t usually play strategy games. 
yatzhee - fun
The NFL players kneeling 
Flat Earth. Everyone knows Earth is a cube
The "War on Christmas". Apparently Christmas won again this past year.
Cat, he’s weird as hell
not sure if this counts, but we have 2 guinea pigs.
Cat
Guy got in my car. Drove him to his location, didn't say a single thing.    Best passenger I've ever had
when i worked in retail, i preferred day shift. i was working at a job that had no overnight shift. because of this, i got to see people coming into work at 11am, 1pm... and finally around 3pm when i'd either be gone or on my way out the door. the rush of happiness that i would feel knowing that i was leaving the shithole, rather than clocking into 8 hours of it made me get so excited.
I liked nights because there was less customers.
I work the night ahift till midnight twice a week. Kinda nice to have a beer at work, while i stock the beer cooler. Plus it never gets warm if you leave it in the walk in.
Huh? Timing?
Well he isn't gay, so it would be awkward. 
Cause im a pussy and scared of rejection are there any other reasons? Edit: She also has a boyfriend so rip
Also, how do cows get enough protein?  EDIT: Is that supposed to be an answer? A counter? It is neither.
Protein consists of various amino acids. These amino acids can also be found in plants. Some are a bit harder to find than in meat but it's possible. 
Beans, nuts, legumes, fake meat
Downton Abbey
The *only* historical drama tv series I've seen is The Crown on Netflix. But even if it's the only one, I still think it's done extremely well and worth watching. 
Not sure if any of these count but I really enjoyed 4 in particular: Rome, Spartacus, Deadwood and Band of Brothers. 
6 years ago I had this waitress that was so unbelievably rude to me and even though I had an awful day I was still respectful and nice to her. She just kept at it so bad that I didn’t finish eating, asked for the check, paid and left. I never went back, and walk by sometimes and see her there still. 
A week before Christmas. I haven't gone and won't go back. 
Indifferent.  I find it odd that adults are "scared" of them though.  Like...come on guys.
I've never seen a funny one, so most of them suck at their job it seems. Also they're creepy.
killer klowns from outer space was the first movie with clowns that i ever watched. scared the urine out of me. it's supposedly a comedy.
I'm gonna assume this is San Francisco and not Tampa Bay...
You mean pride like in Pride Festival or pride like in we are proud of the bay area?
Wine and Cheese stores
It's inherent in the word faith. Faith is about devotion and belief, not proof. It's a choice you make and actively choose to adhere to. When your faith wavers, just remind yourself that it's your choice to believe - not something you've got to prove to yourself or justify. 
By keeping it flexible. My faith is something i came to myself, not a doctrine i picked up from others so if it doesn't work then there's a certain amount of wiggle room. Any faith that is a rigid system of rules is going to shatter if it's hit right.
By remembering that God brought me through those trials, and how he did it. Amazing.
If I have hold it to pee or poop while someone is talking to me 
Lol.   If you only knew... 
I'm more important than everyone else. 
I didn't have any other choice but to fly. It's been 9 hours, and I've been scared to be in that thing since I step foot on it, and the sooner I can get out, the better. Sorry I didn't even notice anymore there was more people as soon as I saw a way to escape.  (Not me, but a guy in a 9 hours flight that was sitting next to me. The poor dude was so afraid that the sleeping pills he took weren't strong enough. He stayed awake, shaking and babbling almost the whole flight. Our other neighbor (a seasoned flyer) and I tried to distract him a bit the whole flight, and he worked enough that he didn't have an anxiety attack, but just so.)
I once had a short layover made shorter by the fact that my first plane was significantly delayed. Was on the way to a grad school interview and super stressed out. I ended up running across the airport and just barely making it in time.  I like to think that most people who cut on from while leaving a plane have a reason like that so I just stay in my seat until everyone who is in a hurry has left. 
Not me, but, office couple broke up, girl was in charge of office birthday things. For his birthday she built him a “throne” designed to colapse when he sat down.  The plan backfired when he was too skinny to make it collapse. He ended up really loving it and appreciated the gesture. 
Aluminum, the fact that it is so abundant and it is so cheap. It can be shaped into almost anything you want it to, and can serve as a heat conductor. 
I like heavy, and groove metal. It just connects with me more.
Bismuth, there's the whole bisexual joke I get to make every time I see it.   Every. Time.
Because the spices are irritating to your mucous membranes which start producing more watery mucus to wash that shit out of there.  Wasabi is great for sinus infections.
www.Google.com
Because it's spicy that's why. You're welcome. 
I've always been the one to log off and never come back. I wonder if anybody misses me or if I effected their life at all. Hmm.
I miss them all the time. People was ghosting b4 ghosting was ghosting.
had a friend on Xbox live that helped me in elder scrolls online and after a week of playing with him everyday, I asked how he could be online all the time and he told me he had one lung because lung cancer took his other and he couldn't work. Then after playing with him for a good month he had a cough get progressively worse and he told me that he went to the doctor and was told he had about a year left if he's lucky, we played for a bit longer but one day he just disappeared and that's the last I heard from him. At least he said he was happy.
Bad hair day, pimple, being 1 minute late for work and possibly getting into trouble for it, etc.
Wifi is slow
When I'm not able to poop in the morning.   
I shed 40lbs and I somehow found a way to handle my depression. I still have episodes every now and then, but I handle them a lot better and I rebound a hell of a lot quicker.
A bit better physically and a lot worse mentally
Better mentally Better skill Worse health
THIS WEAK RESOLVE LOST INSIDE -THE FUTURE DOESN'T LOOK BRIGHT-
Dec 6th 2017 Cancer disagnoisis 
Finally asking my wife for a divorce. 
It's in a country called Australia.
There is amazing Mexican food within like 5 minutes in any direction I drive. 
The weather is nearly perfect all year long. We've had like 2 days of rain in the past 150 days.
Do a random act of kindness every now and then. 
Don’t be ashamed of being average. Just try to be the best person you can be. Being nice really can be infectious.
Not be average
Sometimes at night, always around 3 am, I will hear what sounds like microphone feedback for a couple seconds. I’ve checked my speakers, my families rooms, and outside. There is no explanation.
When I was younger, it was around 1am and i was in bed. I couldn't sleep so i was just chilling petting one of my cats, the other cat liked to lay in the hallway right outside my bedroom. I had a rocking chair at the foot of my bed and it started rocking and picking up pace. Both cats just stood up and stared at the chair. After that i dont remember what happened then i woke up... i know it wasnt a dream because i wasnt even tired at the time. But i have no explanation for it. I couldnt have kicked it because i wasnt big enough to reach the foot of my bed. Its been almost 10 years since that happened but it still creeps me out to this day. 
This freaks me out when I think about it. One night when my ex and I had just moved in together he woke me up to tell me that he had been dreaming about an old man standing next to the bed. When he woke up from the dream, which had scared him badly, he found me sleeping next to him with my arm stretched out towards the place next to the bed where the old man had been standing. It was true. My arm had been raised up in the air when I woke up. I could remember it. I had no previous history of sleepwalking or talking in my sleep or anything weird like that beforehand that I was aware of, and nothing like it ever happened again. 
it all depends on who's going to be looking at it
2 bushels worth
I got this basic rule to adhere to:  if your pubes have somehow grown as long or nearly as long as a shrivelled winter penis its time to get the clippers out.
"I don't see color," followed or preceded by a scenario obviously driven by their perception of races.
"Watch out for that GMO"   They just are not that bad for you, it's the buisness practice that come with it that are.   "Vaccines cause autism"  Your free to be as stupid as you want but there is simply no evidence to support that claim. 
When something good happens, "Praise God!!!"  When something bad happens, "God works in mysterious ways."  ...Just stop it.
They’re all fucking trash.   Half the answers are either made up stories or a seemingly confident statement of facts with little to no backing up whatsoever. Even on serious threads replies to serious answers really only consist of puns or shitty jokes that adds nothing to the conversation. When I read them I can imagine the commenter was probably drooling all over his keyboard while stuffing Doritos into this cum crusted mouth, scratching his asshole, and wondering where he can find a towel to wipe off the sweat from between his ass cheeks — all the while dreaming of the imaginary internet points he will get, which he uses to justify his pathetically sad life.   Sure you can filter the posts to the top posts of this year to get an idea of what the best posts are, but is it really worth your time? 
Learn more about crypto, be a better person
graduate fam
Stopping ruining my undies by not taking ecstasy before bed 
We check each others phones all the time, there is really no secrets between us 
Only once. It was during a time where she thought I was getting too close to another woman, so she asked to see what was going on. I didn't really care since nothing was going on in or out of our text messages, so I showed her our messages and that was that. 
No, but *I* asked *him* once. He just shrugged, handed me his phone, and sat down at his computer.
E.T. Now I just think he’s adorable
Denesse the Menace more specifically Christopher Llyod as the hobo
The Mummy. Dude looked gross. Stole the guy's eyes and tongue. Scary as a kid. 
Bad
I have spoken to a lot of different people in a lot of different situations investigating this topic - both off and on the internet WITHOUT using this account, and I am curious what your true feelings are.  I have received different responses, included but not limited to: Anger, Frustration, Humiliation, Shock.  A lot of the responses that have not surprised me but may surprise others are the people who are “shocked that other people are shocked”  The majority of the behind the scenes responses accept what is described as “part of the job” and are more shocked that other people are outraged.   I am trying to be unbiased here and accept that different people in different lines of work experience different things, and that what is okay for one person in one field may not be okay with what another person in another field experienced.  I am not and will not drop any opinions other than that i feel sexual harassment is unacceptable. With that being said - it seems different people have different opinions on what that actually entails    With all being said - what are your feelings?
OK I hear what you say about the ones who are "shocked that other people are shocked by this", but I think that roughly 75%of the time that attitude implies complacency.  People who don't care anymore. They just assume that of course this is how the industry is.       I get it though. Being able to feel upset, or angry, or strong, or passionate, or motivated takes a lot of emotional energy. When you think youre up against a wall bigger than yourself, sometimes you NEED to stem to tide of emotions, for your own health, until you're out of that environment and can process feelings again. But to forever live without feeling the anger that is right towards such a toxic situation is being complacent and apathetic, and eventually you turn hollow a day bitter and cynical.     Some of the stories that came out talked about other female directors, producers, corporate characters who witnessed Weinstein's harassment, who brought women to him, who were complicit in his disgusting acts. These were the stories that took me longer to process.  Women telling other women yeah he's Weinstein what are you gonna do about it.  That there were women enabling the preying on other women is really sad.  That women are preyed upon at ALL is really sad. But the only way to make things change is to MAKE CHANGE. And that doesn't involve scoffing at those who are talking about what you should have been talking about long ago. Fighting for what should have been fought LONG. AGO.      "shock that people are shocked by this" is not acceptable. If you knew, if EVERYONE knew, then why did it continue? 
26-30 and 32-34 (present).  I am a decent looking girl I need them go so far as to say pretty but I don't think that all of her but have kids now that the clock is ticking away every guy I meet just want sex or doesn't want to get serious in my 20s when I didn't know what I wanted I got two marriage proposals. But I wanted to go to college I should just fucking ignored all of my family is in place and start a family young and it would be so miserable now and alone.
Right now is. Im 23 and I feel like im going nowhere and i literally lost everything even my significant other.
When I found out I was pregnant a month after graduating high school and all my friends disappeared and the guy told me he would never love me nor the baby. 
Gerudo Valley 
Emil Sacrifice by Keichii Okabe from Nier. 
FFIV. For life, probably. 
Hide the body. Repress memories. Answer questions on reddit 
Clear all the shit off the bed.
Take a dab and smoke a cig 
Go on an a date revolving around an activity they enjoy so they feel more comfortable. Maybe in conversation, be the leader so he doesn’t feel obligated to fill any silences that will arise, relieving some of the pressure. But most importantly, have fun! That’s why y’all are going on the date :) 
Make him feel comfortable. And show him your having a good time, just remember that he’s nervous because he wants you to have fun. If he says something stupid, just remember that he’s nervous and probably overthinking. Just roll with it. I’ve found that people who are shy make the best of friends and lovers. I was very shy and so was a girl that I worked with, two years later and we’re engaged! Just give him time to warm up to you. Also, I’ve found that If your straight up and honest it helps people come out of their shell. Let him know your happy to be there or show him a bit of your goofy side. It’ll help him open up a lot :) hope everything goes well!! 
Ask him if he wants a kiss. If yes: Pucker up. If no: pull out a bag of Hershey’s kisses and start eating them.
4K.   
To try and read more, but people who read are usually smart in general so it might not pan out too well.
I've decided that I'm going to start somewhat of a journal. Every day, I'm going to write a summary of what's happened that day, good and bad. At the end of the year, I will make something of a look back at the year. My 2017 wasn't very good, so one day I posted how I felt to r/AMA and someone asked me something along the lines of "What did you enjoy most about the year?" When I couldn't come up with anything, I thought "it hasn't been all bad, but I can only seem to focus on the bad parts". I'm hoping this will change that.
You stupid moron, your social awareness is bad. Dummy
Read the room.
Askreddit
Probably watching tv.
good old video games   There's so much good cheap indie stuff out there that there's always something new to play though I like strategy games that I can sink hundreds of hours into.   
Watching NLSS (Northernlion Live Super Show) videos on YouTube. 3 hours each video and they make time fly. 
Time to break out Wayne Gretzky...   If Wayne Gretzky never scored a goal a day in his hockey career he'd still be the NHL's all time points leader.
People can beat Mario 64 in under ten minutes
Eddie Hall Deadlifted 500kg/ 1100 lbs. 
New York? Shit is too crowded and jobs are scarce. Great for a trip to see all the nice placrs. But I'm not sure about living there.
I'll say a few states. CA, NY, VA, MD, and the District.
I'm bisexual and was in denial about that for a long time. At age 20 after losing my faith in a certain religion that looks at being anything other than straight as a sin, I began working with a gorgeous redhead who I developed the hugest crush on. She made me realize how deeply attracted I am to women, even more so than men. 
This question came up while I was watching The Battle of Sexes, where Billie Jean Kings realized that she's gay, although she've been married with her husband for years.
If I had to pick a moment where I was understood "Okay so there's something different here", it was during a sleepover at a friends house when I was in high school. I was sharing a bed with my best friend, and I  remember seeing him in his underwear and just thinking "Wow he looks great...", followed of course by a raging boner that I couldn't explain away. I also remember wanting to snuggle up to/cuddle with him, and it was hard to spin that platonically (I was also crushing pretty hard on this friend for a while so that was a thing).   I didn't really admit to myself I was gay until 4-5 years after that night because I grew up in such a religious home, but that moment stands out for me because it was the first time I felt attracted to a guy. I knew I'd never been attracted to a girl before, but this was the first time I felt something like that for someone else.
Dildo's.
Roomba. Little dude just ambles around the house bumping into people like bumper cars and eating dirt
Dildos and vibrators.
Resonance
Gwen Stafani
Turgid
pros: you can get more insight on what a good or bad deal on a house really is, thus save yourself more money than people think.   cons: if you're not great at it, and/or lucky, you may go a while without any sales
It’s all commission. So if you don’t make sales then you’re in deficit. A bit of time to reap the rewards
In an established company the staff in favor with the boss, or with seniority can take over your sale. If you're lucky you'll get a partial credit and small commision.
I quit playing Xbox about 5 or 6 years ago and I’m glad I did, but I do miss and think about a few of the people that I now have no form of contact with. If your out there renob i miss you man. 
It’s sad.  But I apply the same logic as I do to real life.   Friends will always come and go, and that’s why I really try not to get too attached to anyone (platonically speaking). It’s hard sometimes, but it’s something I try to live by.     Just be happy and value that you had their friendship for the time you did.  And who know, maybe they’ll pop back into your life.    One of my now best friends I met on chat roulette, we talked for long time, then sort of drifted away, but now we’re besties and we talk on a daily basis.  So who knows, they may come back into your life!!    Hope this helps 
I met someone through a internet game around 6 years ago. She was my best friend for around 2 years and really helped me through some hard times. I never knew her real name and only saw her through video chat maybe once or twice. One day I just realized we hadn’t talked in a long time. By then I was too proud to initiate contact I guess. I eventually stopped using skype (what we used to talk) and now have no way of contacting her. It’s sad to think that I will never hear from again.
Because you're having an argument instead of a discussion. If your goal is to find the truth, you'll stop. If your goal is to win, you won't.   Have discussions; don't have arguments.
Seldom things are as black and white as people want them to be. I'm starting to come up with a theory about molecules, where atoms form structures. So for example H2O would form a structure that is self-contained. People in my theory would be like those molecules. The molecules would combine to form society and the world population as we know it. Argumentation would be a way for those molecules to communicate, and to attract or repel other molecules as necessary. In the grand scheme of things, you would have molecules interacting with one another. Sometimes, a discussion would have already been settled even before the discussion started when one person disliked another one already. It can be a little awkward when neither person was in it to change their opinion. But when talking to each other was still somewhat important and sought by at least one of the parties.
Who says I do ?
the difference between you're and your
The solution to the gun problem implemented all over the world was to ban guns.   It's remarkably effective in pretty much the entire developed world and much of the undeveloped world.  
Queen Elizabeth 
Keith Richards 
Kirk Douglas.  If I don’t outlive him I’ll be a little disappointed.
Yes,  my son
Go to bed late and don’t set an alarm
Overdosing
Keep sleeping 
WOMEN OF REDDIT: I'M A MAN AND I HAVE QUESTIONS
'please limit your reposts to reposts of kenm'   
dog or cat gifs
Miscarriage 
Had an infected cyst on my back which needed to be lanced. Unfortunately they didn't use the anaesthetic properly and I felt everything - the scalpel cutting and prodding, squeezing out the much, followed by stuffing disinfectant gauze into the open wound.  
I found out the hard way that playing Tony hawk's games doesn't make you a great skateboarder irl and badly broke my ankle. When I got to the hospital they tried to line up the bones by basically pulling on my foot and jiggling it around.
My nephew just got diagnosed as being on the autism spectrum, but it was a formality as the signs were there.  I just want to try to properly understand what my sister and brother in law are going/will go through, how I can help them, and what struggles they will face.  This is not meant to be autism-specific, all can give their input.
Our son got diagnosed with sutism at 2. My wife started seeing symptoms at 6 months.  I don't want to say I was in denial, I just didn't have a proper sample size of other children, so I couldn't tell. I tried to assure her that he was ok, no issues.   When the formal diagnosis came, it hit me like a ton of bricks. I was inconsolable for weeks. But she had been this way for **a year and a half** and her way of coping was comfort eating. It got bad.  So far as internalizing, we think we have until something/someone sets us off.  Examples  - I see the strides he has made in speech and overall cognition. And then I see a child younger than him able to hold a conversation and I'm finished for a week - it's hard to take him in public. He grabs everything and folks assume we are bad parents.  Once, at a supermarket, the person behind us started loading the belt early. My son saw strawberries and wanted one. I turned around to a grown woman, with kids, wrestling with my son over strawberries. I apologized, it was awkward all around, had to slink out. - we are part of a religious community that makes no attempt to even acknowledge special needs kids exist. Bring him around and then the gossip and accusations start  Our relationship is strained. Who knows where it will go. It's not for lack of love, or the desire to keep the family, it's... just... friction. Friction over how to raise the child vis a vis therapy (the vaccine thing has come up among family and friends). Lots of friction about why I didn't pick up on it sooner.  I don't have statistics in front of me but a majority of couple's of autistic children split up.  I worry so much about the future. If I pass away, then what? At 4, he's already too big and aggressive for my wife to handle. Will he be at the same level  of cognition in 20 years as he is now? How will he cope after my wife and I die?  I don't sleep a lot over it. Wife has gotten better but waking up at noon is early around here. A  lot of times it's like going through the motions.  Anyway, enough rambling. Be prepared to fight, along with your sister and bill. Know the laws vis a vis health coverage and get the child on Medicaid asap. Fight like hell for a good individual education plan (iep) when it comes time for school.
It's a complete and total failure. Billions to Trillions have been spent on this "war" that has zero impact in eliminate drug use. Drugs are easy to obtain, being illegal does nothing to stop the use and because the market is underground, warlords are profiting with insane numbers.   You could easily cut all funding to the DEA, legalize drug use and spend a fraction of that funding on both education and rehabilitation.   You would empty the courts of petty drug possession charges, empty the jails that tax payers fund to house drug users and kill the demand for importing illegal drugs.
It's a pretty silly concept that's obviously been an utter failure. I've been of the mind that making all drugs legal, and taking the money we save on incarcerations and tax revenue, and putting it into treatment facilities is a much better use of resources.  But then I worry about what the side effects of that will be. Not just the loss of jobs in law enforcement and DoC, but the unforseen things. Like, the corrections industry has lobbied for illegal drugs to remain illegal to keep their facilities filled. That's obviously a bad thing, but if we legalize everything, it's not like that industry will quietly disappear. They'll lobby for the next money-maker they can come up with, and we'll have an entirely new reason for people to get shaken down and imprisoned. Who knows what that would look like, but I'm betting it won't be good, either.   I think overall, it would have a positive socioeconomic and health impact on the country, but I can't predict how long that would take, or even whether it would last.
The war on drugs has been immensely successful in achieving its original goals:  * Stop black people gathering in protest  * Stop hippies gathering in protest  In the effort to obfuscate the original goals, the war on drugs has resulted in a worldwide fallout of   * high imprisonment of minorities and the poor  * ultra violence in the drug trade  * lack of support for recovering addicts  Eliminating the war on drugs would serve to reverse these effects, resulting in a more productive society, lower prison costs and stronger sentences for serious crime.
Slacks and a polo 
Didn’t go to work but if I had I would’ve probably worn pajamas
Steel toed rubber boots, worn out jeans n shirt n work gloves. That's my everyday work uniform 😁
Whether it made me laugh, was thought-provoking, made me question my beliefs or was a high-quality high effort post.  Good luck OP on your quest for Gold!
This seems like an attempt to get gilded.
My goal is :to gain 30lbs (currently 6’4 190lbs)  My plan is : ensure I consume at least 3,000 calories a day and lift heavy 4 days a week ( before work), with 1 protein shake a day 
The standard new years resolution:  Get in better shape by improving by running (speed and distance) and going to the gym. Luckily I already have been doing that on and off last year. Any suggestions for getting in shape would be amazing (running, building muscle, etc.)  Starting my retirement fund 
I am starting my battle with cancer on Jan 9th  Two days after my 39th birthday  I'm gonna kick its ass
My ex apparently has a long history of sexually assaulting girls and I didn’t find out until years in. After I was out of the relationship, it started making more and more sense why he hated being called “creepy” and why a lot of girls avoided him :/
She loved her cat more than any human. Oh, and meth. Also liked that more than any human. 
I mean, I don't really care what someone else has in their pocket. More worried about my situation, you understand? But that aside, it's a bit incredible that anyone would want to give someone that much money for playing soccer. Shin guards must be expensive.
They should be kept in stables and well-fed but otherwise not treated like heroes or celebrities. 
The amount of money pro sports players make doesn't bother me.   In the end it's the free market that decides how much a thing is worth and we're willing to pay a ton of money to watch more physically gifted people than us compete.     I'd rather that money went to players than executives 
iknowwhatyoudownload.com      It's a website that tracks torrents your ip and ones close to you have been downloading
It's all just porn
I just looked, and this is quite alarming: “Official.Scary.Parodies.Killer.Fucking.Compilations.XXX.DVDRiP.x”
Order water or  Split a sampler appetizer as a meal   
Applebees? 
Use the ketchup like we’ve never seen or tasted ketchup before. My Dad uses an entire bottle of ketchup over the course of two burgers and leaves with a unique sense of pride. 
when I found my roommate who looks nice superficially actually photograph candid pictures of womens private places, I felt like i ate some shit.. 
A year or so into my relationship it become fully evident that my girlfriend pretends to be slightly incompetent, puerile and picky when it comes to eating. This isn’t the dark side, the dark side is that she connives her way towards getting other people to sort out her picky-ness.   For example, if she doesn’t like chillis she would make it known to her friends by not eating the food they ordered together or by something act to dissociate herself from the food. Her friends will eventually take note of it and will start picking out the little things she doesn’t like for her before she eats. It ranges from chillies, to bell peppers, and now it includes me shredding the chicken off the bone because “she doesn’t like the bone because it reminds her of the fact that the animal is dead and she’s eating it”.   Yeah, it’s not fun. 
That they were a sociopath with no regard for human life.
[The Aluminaut](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aluminaut) was the world's first aluminium submarine.
Insurance math. Crunch numbers for a living. But there are some really funny stories. Like boats filled with tang powder crashing and spilling the orange goodness into the drinking water supply. 
Retail? Retail is freaking hilarious.   People are idiots.     I've been dumping half my paycheck into stock since I got hired so I make a very tidy profit off of my company now despite the "low pay" traditionally associated with retail.   
To elaborate, I know there are people who do 40-50 years of something like, I don't know, grommet manufacturing, and see it as a meaningful life, where most people don't give grommets a second thought. How do you explain what you see in it?
I keep telling myself one more post
It's noon:30
Because of interracial timezones and immigration
Privacy Badger.  For handling all the *other* unsavory things that your ad blocker doesn't focus on.
Ublock origins seems much better than ad block plus these days.   Https everywhere. 
if you click a lot of links/mine data Linkclump is really useful for opening multiple downloads/links.  Also hoverzoom for reddit images
Louis CK
Reagan tax cuts.
All of my relationships. 
YouTube
github
Freerice.com. Take quizzes and they'll donate rice for every correct answer 
Yes I have and they called my bluff
Yes. Bridges were burned.
They got their life together, sobered up and are now doing well from what I can tell. I’m proud of ‘em. 
I've heard this rhyme and I think it comes from Australia or England before that. A sailor went to sea sea sea to see what he could see-see-see but all of that he could see-see-see was the bottom of the deep blue sea sea sea.
In the UK we sing frere Jacques, can't think of any others.
“I love you.”
) ???
It would be poetry of such a level, I don't feel comfortable typing it over the internet.
Sniffed my hair and then said, “You smell different when you’re awake.”
We held hands once. 
Duno if this counts as technically creepy,  but a girl I dated (from another country) was trying to use me to stay in the US.  
Society on the whole doesn’t...the government does
Tradition...based on half-truths and lies. So, like most traditions.
Because the government said it was evil
Emmy, Grammy, any of Hollywood/music awards really.
Karma 
Participation tropies
Depends on what is wrong with the water. Is it dirty as shit and full of rocks? Yeah you wanna filter that, boiling won't help. Is it relatively clear but maybe had some shit living in it? You're gonna wanna boil that to kill any living microorganisms, filtering won't help as much.
Probably boiling. Ideally I imagine one would want to filter thoroughly and then boil. 
What about standing up to poo?
I've always done that. I don't know why.
I do it because it's more comfortable, and I can use my phone while I pee. 
[deleted]
Are you horny?  
What do you think about kids being on electronics all the time, never going outside, never having anything to do with anyone, etc,, and then growing up getting into the world? 
Invariably you have a lot of fun at first, then crazy happens later.  Just learn to enjoy the ride, get out early, then expect the shit to hit the tree and do everything you can to be prepared.  I recommend that every man should stick his dick as far as he can in crazy a couple times when he's young.  What you never do is Marry Crazy.
Fireworkss'🎆
Dated her for two years.  She cheated on me with my ex best friend(who was trying to steal her from me and cause tension in our relationship), we broke up, got back together, left me for another guy again, whether she says she didnt, which she did.  Started talking after a few months, door opened again and then again left for said ex best friend again.  She told me stuff and he told me stuff and so many red flags before they started dating and now there in a relationship.  It's just really sad because I see what's going to happen but there's nothing I can do to stop it, I just hope everyone will be okay in the end 
A painting of my cat who's getting really old now. 
Dr. Mantis Toboggan
Just fucking Google it .
Tommy Wiseau
Dane cook? 
Tom Green.
Conspiracy? It wasnt a conspiracy just a problem with the way the clock/calendar program was programed. It actually caused a major problem at the company i worked at because even tho all the pc computers were updated some of the barcode scanner computers software that wasnt and it crashed and ment we couldnt sort packages for 3 days.
Computers weren't as popular back then. One problem was that computer systems that had grown in the 80s and 90s were programmed to an older standard. A lot of those programs weren't written for commodity hardware at all. Banks had programs written for mainframes (machines by Sun Microsystems, IBM, etc). Intel had been trying to conquer the server but the transition was slower. It was only with Linux that things started to change, which came a bit later.  So it was not entirely conspiracy. Systems were just slightly outdated. Software at the time was installed and their source-code could have been lost or was just inaccessible. It was only later on that folks started to accept that software could also be deployed in source-code form. Before that, software was compiled into bits which was then run. Some systems were more dynamic by virtue of configuring the database instead.  Systems written in COBOL, Clipper language, etc had to be adjusted to the Y2K bug.  BTW, Linux has a date bug that could come into play in the coming decades. It is just more convenient to store data in fields that are limited for performance reasons and so on.
I was 9 I remember people freaking out but couldn't tell you if it was a joke or serious. I also remember that's when they had those firecrackers that look like explosions for the first time and everyone thought something horrible happened. 
No smoking no drugs no alcohol 
Not having kids.
12 years ago I told myself that I will become a writer. At 26, I haven't published a book yet. But I never stopped working on it. 
Yeah, my boyfriend bought one for me for Valentine’s Day. We went out to eat, and  while we were waiting for for the food & he was messing around with it, he dropped it on the ground. When the waitress came over, she kicked it, & the heavy-set man at the table next to us had just decided to go to the bathroom. When he stood up & stepped on it, it broke, & went into an endless stream of vibrations.... until the batteries finally died & we could leave. 
Last month my boyfriend's dad was hanging out and found my bullet vibrator on the bed, he was like "what is this thing?" and fuckin picked it up and messed with it...my boyfriend just tried to stay quiet and not say anything and eventually his dad put it down and never figured it out....but still. He touched it D:
I usually wake up in the afternoon on the holiday 0.0
alone
Hungover?
Was gonna post this question myself. Close to a year and still madly in love with her. Tried dating, playing more video games, concentrated on work and school, and nothing seems to work. Don't feel genuine happiness anymore. Everyday I fight the thought of it being my last.
Focus on something else, preferably something social such as volunteering. It's good karma and really takes your mind of things. Not to mention you're helping a cause you care about and you get to meet new people at the volunteering center. Hanging out with friends help too. As well as focusing on your career.
Try to realize that some relationships have a shelf-life. I know that it might be hard, but the sooner you accept that you two aren't meant to be, the better you'll feel. 
🔪
🤔
🍤
If you can afford it, they absolutely have packages for personal trainers. If you’re looking to really get into shape, get a trainer. Seriously. I’ve seen (former) coworkers and members reach faster progress with the trainers than on their own. The lifestyle changes are long lasting. And since it’s the new year, they tend to have a lot of packages at a juicy discount. Also, they’ll push nutrition and protein supplements onto you like no tomorrow. You can definitely find supplements cheaper outside of gym franchises. Although personal trainers get commission from selling supplements, it’s financially smarter for you to buy them elsewhere.   Source: worked as a personal training admin for a year at a major gym chain in the US
Make sure to keep an eye out for humidity and temperature levels because when the gym's jam packed those two things can escalate very quickly. Especially when it's winter and gyms don't turn on AC or have proper ventilation. 
keep an eye out for any DVDs you may find out on the floor, they might be valuable, I remember I saw this documentary about these 2 people who find a DVD containing classified government files, the woman ended up getting 4 surgeries paid for.
Can one be inappropriately curious about how the universe works?
Human cloning.
Neophalluses and neovaginas, I guess.
I was raped, tortured and murdered.
I have once. They were really cool and didnt seem like they wanted to kill me on the trip from where I live to Dallas and back. 
I became friends with a random redditor. We now speak regularly and help each other out where we can. I consider her a good friend now.
People who tell me to calm down when I'm clearly in an aggitated or angry state.
Walk through a hallway or grocery aisle. Stop suddenly. Remain oblivious to the idea that someone may have been behind you. Continue being a bullshit person with bullshit ways. I will literally catch fire. 
People who don't do their jobs or technology that doesn't work.
Fuck you
You're just jealous you can't twerk. 😅  Thinking more practically, if a guy can move his hips like that, he's probably quite good at some very manly things. 
We live life just like you normies do.  Wake up, piss excellence, have intercourse 15X a day with 13 women just like y'all do.  Nothing different.
Living better now, Gucci sweater now 
Are we talking, like, Hollywood level attractive, or just normal, unassuming attractive?
Baked potato
There's a whole sub to help you out:  r/EatCheapAndHealthy/
Fried ramen is really good.    Cook noodles  Put a half a stick of butter in pan and fry it with seasoning packet.   Put noodles in pan with butter.    Cook to your liking 
1. Be more observant  2. Spend more time outside  3. Increase gymnastic potential
1. Work on improving my photography and graphic design skills 2. Spend more time outdoors (shoutout to u/iamablackbeltman for my additional new years resolution) 3. Read more  EDIT: Typos
1. Stop smoking.  2. Gain at least another 10kgs.  3. Stop making new year's resolutions.
Mcgriddles dipped in ketchup. 
Capers on grilled cheese sandwiches. 
Chocolate and bacon
I think I found out about Jesus around the same time I found out Santa wasn't real. Up until then I had no idea, and the random nativity scenes or Christmas carols with Jesus didn't really enter my consciousness, I knew what the lyrics said but never thought about them. I remember my Dad telling me about Christmas as "the birthday of Jesus" after we had the Santa Talk. It was strange to me because I'd never really come across it until then, and it's still strange because I don't associate Christmas with it at all.
As a wee tyke, I was pretty much offensively atheist due to heavy parental influence. I considered religion stupid and thought religious people were dumb as hell for thinking there was some invisible man in the sky.  As a teenager, I briefly had a "holy" stint where I had begun to wonder if perhaps there was some divine power enacting providence due to some personal life miracles.  Ultimately, I settled on apatheism.
my first interaction with religious people was at school. I was asked what church I went to and I said I didn't. They asked if I believed in God and I said I didn't know who it was. I was told I was evil and they decided my first lesson was to tell me how much I was going to suffer in hell. They put dead animals in my locker and called me a witch (looking back that was a strange conclusion they came to)   So I decided this God and religion thing was very unpleasant. The more I looked into the more hateful it seemed. In fact I didn't meet a non judgemental religious person until I was an adult.   I live in a more conservative area so I'm just saying what my experience was, not that all religious people are like that. But I am unconvinced good religious people are good because of the religion. Good people are good and shitty people are shitty. They use their circumstances to justify their actions for better or worse. 
In case anyone feels bad about not knowing:  I'm 32 and still don't have a clue.
1. Asked myself what I would do if I didn't have to do anything.  2. Did that thing.
When I was 13 I knew I wanted to be in radio, technology, or computers. I did all of those things by 30. 
NO ONE, NOOO ONE doesn't know  We Are the Champions.
Pearl Jam - Last Kiss- kills me that it is their most popular song 
I just slapped the monkey and now there's screw juice all over my VCR
South Park, CO
The Twin Cities, Minnesota.
You make a home what it is. Think happiness for you and your family, beauty of your surroundings, and income potential. Go forth and prosper. 
Everything I do in 8 hours I can actually do in 3. 
As a security guard, I don't actually do anything. Ever.
I work at a restaurant and the servers play a game where they pick one customer to make fun of and whoever comes up with the meanest/funniest joke wins 
I use to fit aerials and climbed up to the attic /loft and turned the light on. It was a bulb on a long cable hanging in the middle of a boarded attic with just a chair underneath it. That was the only thing in the attic... The woman who owned the house was an 80 year old. She couldn't get in the attic so not 100% how or why the chair was there. 
A collection of sexy janitor drawings
There is a lady in West Texas and has her whole house filled with Taxidermy. I guess its not too weird, but its EVERYWHERE!! All kinds of animals, some in weird positions, she also has her house very dim and spot lights all over, its like a museum. 
Beginners: sort your trash appropriately (ie. recycling, green waste, general rubbish...)  Expert: compost
Please stop throwing trash in the ocean. 
Stop being dumbasses and start supporting nuclear power.   It is the best way to reduce our dependance on coal and combat global warming.
Don't treat the locker room like your personal exhibitionist OR voyeur stage. It's non-consenting and fucking nasty. (and yea dicks will be out it happens, this is targeted at people who get a jolly out of it)
Wipe equipment down & 15min max on a machine (or offer to swap in/out if you want more time)
Put back the weight you just used. No one appreciate a 115kg barbells laying around on the floor. And having dumbbells scattered on the gym floor just makes my blood boil. 
Approach a guy.
Intelligence for me is the most attractive trait right after traditional attractiveness. (Not saying I only care about looks.)
I've had girls regularly tell me that they fear that I'm going to get bored with them or that they are ... Not enough.   As soon as they say that I lose interest. You're not selling yourself if you are putting yourself down.   Confidence is fucking sexy. 
It hurt for a bit then I got over it. 
I've been beaten up so many times, it all blurrs together. I do remember the first time. It was 7th grade, this fat guy named Roland and skinny tall guy with a hook nose...everyone called him Mr.Bean...thought it was funny to pick on a girl because I was a "four fingered freak". They beat me up pretty bad and smeared frog guts on me. I went crazy and beat up the fat guy and bit his arm so bad I almost took off a chuck. Mr. Bean ran off but they didn't fuck with me after that. 
It hurt, got taunted over it but it's life. You can't win every battle and it's hard to fight with someone under the influence of crack and crystal meth lol. 
One is where you wanna fuck and the other is where you wanna fuck and cuddle
Masturbate thinking of the man/woman you "like"  After you're done, do you still want them around?
Lust is sexual desire, infatuation is not being able to stop thinking about someone due to hormones and chemicals in your brain, and love is a strong emotional connection developed for someone over a long period of time.
By the time I was old enough to be told about god in school I was old enough to ask questions that never got satisfactory answers. 
I read the bible.
Christians of Reddit what was the reason you stopped believing in Thor?
I started doing this because it is pleasant waking up to a sunrise lit room. What is there to be paranoid about?
Blinds should be enough. 
I have lamelles in front of my windows but there only down when the sun is shining directly into my room. While sleeping there always up. Can't sleep that well with all the darkness
Yes.  We joked around a bit and duct buy anything. 
my dad once relapsed into pain medication when he hurt his back bad and started gambling to deal with it after I became an adult. I lost faith for a while and thought I'd lost him again to his vices. But he pulled out of it with minimal damage and he's back on his track. During this time he never fell into alcohol which was his major vice.   So kind of what you asked but with a happy ending. 
I mean Kevin Spacey turning out to be a predator was definitely disappointing.   To the point that I've not been able to bring myself to watch any of his stuff since.    And I really, really enjoyed Kevin Spacey.   Elvis vs Nixon? good stuff 
Not me, but my friend has this issue in her relationship. She said that even though she knows it’s because of his anxiety and overthinking, it still makes her feel like she might not be enough as a partner, or attractive enough for him sexually, so she feels like it’s all her fault.
No sex for a year.  I'd go hungry in a month's time. Man's needs to go to the grocery store.
Right. I don’t have sex with anyone yet, and can still masturbate.   *Ez*
No sex for 35 years. I'm an FA.
Tuck the blanket under me to ensure I don't lose anymore.
Use my own blanket. Can't cop a blanket that ya ain't using
I'm the blanket stealer and we just have our own blankets now. Which works for the better because we have very different tastes in blankets too so that's another thing we don't have to compromise on 
Technically the government views their birthdates as march first on the non leap years. My uncle is a leap year baby and he still celebrates every year, but on his actual birthdate he has a bigger party that you would typically have for a child his "age" for example when he turned 8 he had a dinosaur birthday. 
Another question do you celebrate your birthday on February 28th, or March 1st which is technically the day after February 28th which would be your birthday
So, this is what I found...   “A person born on February 29 may be called a "leapling", a "leaper", or a "leap-year baby". In non-leap years, some leaplings celebrate their birthday on either February 28 or March 1, while others only observe birthdays on the authentic intercalary date, February 29.”   Intriguing stuff. I do wonder if some people just celebrate their birthday every 4 years for the lulz. Welp. 👀🔫
John Wick: Chapter 2 was one my favorites.
My favorite was Darkest Hour, superbly done, with Transformers: The Last Knight being the second movie I've ever walked out of, and easily being one of the worst movies I've ever seen alongside such epics as Charlie's Angels' 2.
Nelyubov and Killing of a Sacred Deer were great movies. I hated the Last Jedi.
Invest most of it right away so you can't touch it for many, many years.  
Invest. Your income shouldn't really change your purchasing habits. Anything under $1 million isn't that much money. Dont over estimate it.
I got one word for you..  ..plastics. 
Star Was: The Empire Strikes Back.
* Arlington Road    * No Country for Old Men    * Watchmen    * SE7EN    * The Usual Suspects     * Fallen   
Pulp fiction 
Bears think in Russian you gopnik 
Meow for cats, woof for dogs, moo for cows, you see where this is going I hope.
I believe it would be in feelings. No trains of thought like we have because they don't have language. When you feel hungry you get a snack, you don't always have to think "I'm hungry so I'm going to go to the fridge open it and get a snack". You need to pee so you pee. I think it would be much the same with animals. 
Archer
One Punch Man  Konosuba  Mob Psycho 100  Kokoro Connect  Prison School (nsfw)  [Yuru Yuri also, but its more of a feel good happy anime than direct laughing, also it has lesbian middleschoolers which not all of reddit agrees with](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T49-HSSp5vY)
Overall, I'll stand by The Simpsons.  Even the "bad" seasons aren't actually had (just...less good).
Is that basically a furry version of yourself? I would want to be a trap furry. No questions asked.
A what now?
I prefer loving god not degenerates in fur suits 
Lasik surgery next week.
I'm just happy 2017 is over, it was a really bad year for me.  Anything in 2018 is something to look forward too even if it's just the next day
I bought VIP tickets to meet my favourite band in a different city that I've never been to with the love of my life. I understand that they'll probably just rush us through the meet and greet, but I only need a minute to tell them how grateful I am for their music. Plus my husband loves their music and it's the first time I'll ever experience flying on a plane!  Then I get to see my other two favourite bands within the month before, one of which saved my life. So, I'm incredibly excited for 2018.
Mulholland Dr. 
Ive never seen The Godfather, and Im something of a film buff, though I tend to go for arty and foreign.
Citizen Kane.  
I'm not sure why but I feel like the more talented someone is the more humble the become. I think it's called the something Kruger effect?¿ 
I think they are very aware of how much work and practice they had to put in to get where they are.  Talent is nothing but a desire to put in the necessary amount of effort to become good at something.
r/iama
Don't waste time turning him into a martyr.  Bullet in the back of the head in some cave somewhere. No news coverage, no big hoo ha. Just another nameless dead body in the middle of nowhere.  (BTW, there is a very good reason Osama was shot on site rather than captured alive)
Take away his loli, rape and monster hentai. Also, take away his dakimakuras, waifu pillows and figurines, while giving them away to others in front of him.  That should teach him not to explode people.
1. Force feed him bacon.  2. Slowly (via dalaysis machine) replace his blood with bacon grease.
Its 2AM and I'm on Reddit.
I messed up my sleep during the holidays and didn't study nearly as much as I should've. On the first day I will be graded 2 times and didn't even start studying yet.
Currently in the train to internship. Yeey. 8 am overhere
/r/bestofreports would satisfy this question
Get Kicked Out of Salvation Army Man
An idiot
Good with eye contact and says more than 5 words to anyone. 
The people who make those shitty pop-up ads with a tiny x in the corner that is secretly a link to another ad
Buzzfeed "content" writer.
Movie critics, and telemarketers.
My favourite band's crew member came off stage handed me two picks from my favourite guitarists. Plus one of the guitarists said he liked my shirt.
I had a sex 
I was born. 
The typewriter belt (one of the lesser known ‘belts’)
Mar Lago, Florida
Told a family friend that I enjoyed his company. For some reason I still don't know he took it that I liked him romantically and made **really** strong and creepy advances in attempts to kindle a relationship.    He was 42 and I was 17.
Perhaps not the worst, but the biggest: A couple who were having sex when she whispered, "Oh baby" into his ear and he thought she said, 'Oh cum in me" so he did. A baby arrived several months later.
I'm D.B. Cooper.
Nice try, FBI
Nice Try, Father Ward. 
I will mention one of the less common ones because I went to watch it twice on the big screen: Moulin Rouge. 
 The Shawshank redemption 
*Chicago*
That Christopher Columbus was a bad person.
The earth is round
Steve Buscemi was a 9//11 firefighter heh heh.
hey guys , I read alot of questions similar to this, but they were all negative.  Alot of scientists and musicians had mental illnesses but they were functional to come up with great work througout their lifes. I am not going to name anyone just because of all the controvorsy in this subject.
My wife is a therapist and would say me and that I am merely a long term case study.   Other than that, she had a BPD with no sense of boundaries. Wife’s counseling started in our church and these clients came in for marriage counseling. The BPD would come up to her after church and try to monopolize wife’s time and basically get a counseling session with others around. Because of this (and a few other things) my wife informed BPD that she couldn’t see her anymore and recommended a few other therapists. After this BPD showed up at our house and wouldn’t leave for an hour while standing out in the snow until I said it was dinner time and slowly closed the door in BPD’s face. A month later, wife got a call from the office of professions and was being investigated for a HIPAA violation. It was proven false but still a hassle. And BPD had the verve to show up again at the house about 6 months later. I called the sheriff’s office.  Haven’t seen BPD since.   So either BPD or the juvenile sex offenders she treated.  
Have you ever heard of HIPAA?
“American Violence”. It didn’t really change it, it more so reaffirmed it. Incredibly underrated and unknown movie. 
The Gulag Archipelago by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn.     It definitely humbled me and opened my eyes to how dangerous ideologies can be.
I grew up with atheist parents, but ironically I became more religious after reading Philip Pullman's *His Dark Materials*.
While the majority of people won't use specific bits of science and maths in their daily lives the main gain from these subjects is building problem-solving skills. The ability to see situations as a series of an interconnected system of cause and effect relations is crucial to understanding the world and not being manipulated by people trying to exploit lack of scientific understanding (like homeopathy). 
How to find the square footage of my living area...so I can market it...  As for biology...uh..  something something something.... the something is the powerhouse of the cell?
Well I used the knowledge I got from my biology class to go and study nursing and make my living.
Beans and rice. 
Eggs, high in protein and can go with or in pretty much everything. But seriously google recipes with 5 or less ingredients, you’ll have to sift through what you have or can afford, but I’ve made meals out of pretty much bare cupboards. Pasta, rice and potatoes are cheap and can be stretched while also tasting good.
stir fry. its just noodles/rice, any veggies, and seasoning. you can make a stirfry for $10, and you can make it a billion different ways so it always tastes different.  EDIT: another one my mum told me is rice + mixed beans + seasoning. you can mix some scrambled egg in too for extra protein. this was her go-to university meal
Invest in bitcoin
just [this image](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/007/445/pancake_bunny.jpg)   No explanation 
You’re gay
When I was in middle school a kid threw up on the playground and another kid slipped and fell in it 
Get super drunk and reveal a lot of things that should never have seen the light of day
In High school we were coming back from the neighboring building (it had a pool) and one of the kids decided (after convincing most of the guys to not wear underwear under their trunks) to pants them. I was in front of the group, heard a commotion, looked back to see the pantser coming twords me (with the others trunks) trip and fall, the  get pantsed himself, but not before throwing the others trunks down the storm drain, where his also ended up.  Tldr: I was the only one to retain my swim trunks, out of a class of 12 guys(there was a female, but she didn't "feel comfortable to get in the pool with them")
Reposts, SJWs, Feminism, Rehashes & Remakes, Mass Shootings 
Hate in general. 
hurricanes
'I am Legend'  by Richard Mathieson.  Its an easy read, great story and premise.
It changes regularly. But "The Truth" by Terry Pratchett is probably top of the list most often.
Plato's Republic   It has about 2,000 pages worth of textbook content in a 250 page dialogue.
Smoking cigarettes! 
Self harm.
The one you don't know about.
Watching someone get shot to death. Hell watching someone die in general could fuck you up pretty good
Finding somewhere to park your car right outside your destination. 
Not caring when someone hangs up on you without saying goodbye.
Back in college, we had a project where the class had to tour around the downtown city and write about one of the sculptures. Anyways, the meet up was in the morning inside this mall located in the heart of downtown.  The class was about 20 people, and I was like the 6th one there. We're in this lobby area and about 20 feet away is this picture booth. I'm on my phone waiting when suddenly, we start hearing some slight squeaking. I don't think much of it. Few minutes later, we hear intermittent moaning.  I turn to the photobooth. Wtf? I see only two legs in there. No way, somebody actually having sex in there. More kids start arriving. Everyone is staring at each other like, wtf is this real life?  And then, the photobooth starts rocking. Holy shit, lol. My teacher, who left earlier to go get security now returns. The security goes and starts talking to them. Out comes this incredibly tall and skinny scruffy guy and this petite lady with a large grin on her face.  Yeah, that was a great way to start class. 
Objection, your honor. Leading the witness.
I put down my cat down because she was old and sick and didn't enjoy her life anymore. It broke my heart but I don't regret it because she is in a better place now.
Only... If it's $5000 and you don't even have $500 it sucks.
I've never seen the Lion King. Usually people think I'm joking or being an ass
Never been in an orgy, I know I know, what a loser. 
I don’t know how to ride a bike. I can only ride one with training wheels :(
CPR
[I love when Michael drives into the lake when listening to the GPS.](https://youtu.be/DOW_kPzY_JY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1D8dLGpC7Y  Stayin Alive during CPR Class 
There is the Drunk History of George Washington and his slave on youtube.
The Road Not Taken by Harry Turtledove.
Any hoiIV mod
Baby Driver. If you want to be technical I synced up the scene where Vader kills the rebels in the hallway from Rogue One with the start of 2018. The first full movie, start to finish, I watched this year was Baby Driver. Pretty good movie.
The greatest showman
Live Die Repeat: Edge of Tomorrow
My mom
Taken out JFK
Weed
If the only thing keeping them alive is a machine.
I suppose if they're in constant pain with little benefits or safety nets to give them hope?
My wife's grandmother is 99. She's been living in the hospital section of a nursing home for several years. It's the last place people go before they die, and she is waiting to die, and wants to, but her body won't quit. She can't walk unassisted because she has scoliosis, and she's going deaf. That's not what anyone could reasonably call *quality of life*. But you know, she isn't sick enough to die.
New year same bullshit
New
New year same me 
Michael Cera 
Liam Neeson
Seth rogen 
Gillette 
Disappointment.
Drug and disease free pussy
Restaurant
rhythm 
Necessary   Actually, that looks alright. I just have a tough time spelling it.
I think it's because people are seeking help. Before people just thought "I'm just sad, it will pass" and lived their lives with it.
Screening techniques are improving 
Remember Maslow's hierarchy of needs? My theory is that the Western society is so well off that now that people need a meaningful reason to live, and there really isn't one. We don't struggle for survival, everyone is housed and fed. What else is there to do other than drugs and alcohol?
Not exactly what you're asking for, but I used to freak out my roommates by using Spotify to have my Alexa play 90's Euro-Pop songs at max volume at random times when I was at work and knew they would be having company over
Commencing launch sequence
[deleted]
Donations for streamers.
Minecraft
The anti-science movements such as anti-vaxxer, climate change deniers, flat earthers, creationists, and so on. 
I am in a medieval group (called the SCA) and I had my fighter Authorisation card (like a licence to participate in armoured combat) in my pocket. It fell out during a small war scenario on a field in a forest. 2 years later at the same scrubby field I fell over and happened to see my card under a log. 
I keep finding shit I've lost, while dreaming.  But then I wake up, realize a few minutes later that whatever it was is still lost and get sad.
Lost my favourite shirt in the space between my bed and the wall. The weird thing is that my bed has a lip on the side and is pressed against the wall so the shirt wasn't on the floor under the bed and was in plain sight.  I didn't find it for 4 months.
I think I'm at it. Academic probation. Got fat. Depression and anxiety out of control. Paranoid mess about my relationship. Living in the apartment from hell. It seems like every time I try to fix something, it's never easy. Sorry, we lost that file so we can't get your GPA booster back. Oops, your last therapist forgot to close you out so you'll have to restart your entire file from scratch and find a new counsellor. LOL, there aren't rats in the building, I'm not paying for an exterminator twice in the same year.   I just feel like I live in the universe wherw nothing goes right and I'd be better off dead instead of continuing to climb uphill for the rest of my life. I would give my immortal soul to not be a lazy, unmotivated, unprofessional excuse of a woman. 
I was an Alcoholic from age 18-25. This was the cause of very shameful and embarrassing moments I don’t like to think about. I discovered /r/stopdrinking one day, got involved with that community, got sober, left a marriage I finally was brave enough to admit was wrong for me, tripled my sales at work, and lost 40 lbs. Just passed my 3 year anniversary of zero alcohol. Things are great now.
My credit card got declined at little Cesar's once. 
When I was about 15 or 16 I was climbing a fence and just got a brand new Spyderco blade that had an assisted opening clasp. When I jumped the fence my knife opened in an L shape and went directly into my right thigh about 2 inches deep. The pain wasn't immediate it took a minute and felt like when your leg falls asleep, numb and cold. It hurt more when I got to the ground and tried to move. The way it feels coming out hurts much much more than going inside in my opinion, I did it slowly and pulled with the sharp side up, to not open the wound any more than it had been. The worst pain happened about 10-15 minutes later. It's like if you were to take a piece of ice and hold it on your skin for about 5 minutes then poke it incredibly hard. Thats my most accurate account on how it hurts, proven.  Edit: I forgot to specify poke yourself with a dull pencil with tons of pressure. That'll do the trick.
Got stabbed five times in the legs and hands. The hands hurt really bad, one finger still always just feels asleep, or numb.  The leg was surprisingly less painful than I thought even though it hit the artery and was the most dangerous.  Also I learned, don't pull the knife out apparently.  Tldr: it hurt, but honestly not as bad as being slashed.
It hurts 
Sports training montage
a coma
Living life to its fullest, not thinking of yourself.  Fastest? Get a labor job doing like 65+ hours a week with an hour commute, one way. You'll blink and miss 2 years.
I used to spend weekends at a friend's house growing up and we would stay up, order pizza, play SNES. But one stricy rule was no matter how tired we were to never ever leave an empty bottle laying on the floor.   Made sense, just clean up after yourself. Until it happened.    We fell asleep and there was an empty 2-liter of Coca-Cola on the floor and in the morning, it was, well....   My friend had a dog, two dogs. One a doberman (female) and one a pomeranian (male). The male was a horn ball. He would run from 2 rooms away, launch himself into the doberman, knock her down, then proceed to hump away. She was so much bigger that she wouldn't stand up and he would still just hold on. It looked like a giant red hairball on her ass.    So, the bottle. Well he would stick it in where he could get it in. So there was this bottle all used up and look like a bomb went off inside of it. Little bastard humped that bottle hole until he was done with it and passed out on the floor where we found him the next morning.
Might not be that funny to most, but to me and my friends in was.  Mid last year we were camping (not real camping, it was with powered sights and toilet blocks).  It was past midnight.  Me and my mate (let's call him Ted) were drunk as all hell and needed the toilet.  So we head off, leaving our wives at the tent.  While we're standing at the urinal, Ted looks down and asks me why I have my dick AND balls completely out.  I started loudly slurring my way through an explanation, saying that sometimes I get "the whole package out" so that I can "drain it fully." I continued "if I don't do it, sometime a little bit of wee might come out when I go to put my dick away." (Just for clarity, I don't do this all the time, but in certain circumstances I have found it necessary).  Well, Ted starts laughing at me.  As we finish up, we hear the sound of a toilet flush near us.  My heart sank so fast.  We had no idea anyone else was even awake, let alone in here with us.  We instantly burst into laughter and legged it back to our tent, laughing hysterically the whole way.  We get back to the tent and Ted starts telling our wives what happened, but to my embarrassment.  Then we noticed a really old man hobbling back from the toilets.  He shot us a dirty glance, then proceded to hop in the camper van directly across from us.  That made for an awkward morning the next day too.  Again, might not be funny to most, but for months afterwords they all refered to me as "The Package," and would bring it up whenever I went to pee.
Coney Island boardwalk. Long past its prime but worth a visit, even in winter.
Go to Brooklyn. Not Williamsburg, where seemingly all hipsters live now, but Brooklyn heights (right near the Brooklyn bridge) has a lovely park, lots of food nearby, and shopping. It’s also full of historic brownstone houses which are beautiful to see. Park slope is lovely too and right near prospect park. As for Manhattan, you can try union square for food, shops (strand bookstore for the book lovers, forbidden planet for collectibles and comics, St Marks area for more comics, thrift stores, Hole-in-the-wall restaurants with really good food). 
Restaurant hopping. Aside from LA, it's the best place in the US to get good ethnic food.
One boss I had fired me via ghosting 
I worked at a restaurant in college and my boss was the owner. One time I had an audition for a Graduate School program so I submitted a request for time off a month ahead of time, then again three weeks out, and again two weeks out. She didn't give me the time off. She didn't give it to me because it didn't seem "important." So I find a sub, the sub cancels while I'm 500 miles away. The day I return I'm scheduled for a shift and my boss tells every single table she seats in my section that I "probably won't do a good job because school is obviously more important than work." ??? I had to quit later that semester because she wouldn't give me time off to take my finals. 
Lance from Pokemon Red/Blue/Yellow.
My money is on Betty White.
My dog :(
Mel Gibson and Gene Simmons.
It's a hobby. It isn't supposed to be productive. If I need to do something, I stop playing and do it.
I game maybe 6 hours a week if I'm lucky. On rare occasions I'll squeeze in another 3 hours.
I don't. I work just enough to support myself and that's enough for me. I'm content with what I have, believe it or not.
When she said "Pull it out and stick it in my mouth."  Those are the words of *The One*.
I planned to stay over for the first time and he texted to ask what my favorite pizza was. I asked why and he said that he remembered from our first date that pizza was my favorite food, and figured since we'd be hungry after all the sex, he wanted to get my favorite. He's the one. 
She read the same comic books I did!!
25 years old. Working. Homeowner. Single. Owner of cat.   I’m moody. I’m generally happy, but I have messy, unorganized thoughts in my head that keep me from accomplishing shit. *Excuses*  What do I want to be doing?  *Quit job, rent out house for cash flow, find other ways to easily earn cash flow, and TRAVEL.*
24, working as a bartender and brothel security guard, writing a screenplay.   Trying to give up smoking so much weed, as it makes me complacent. Also taking girlfriend applications because I realised it’s been 2 years since my last meaningful connection with the a member of the opposite sex.  I’m happy, I just think I could be doing better.  Edit: punctuation
27. I'm meh with life right now. Really want my boyfriend to propose. In grad school. But I work at the university and got a tuition waiver so that's cool. 
walking in desert,failing
I tend to get murdered.
wasps eat meat
Raw beans are exceptionally toxic and need to be boiled for a minimum of an hour to properly destroy the toxin. 
Black is beautiful
Favourite: Despacito  Least favourite : Despacito  Lowkey very catchy, overplayed to death.
Favorite: Tyler, The Creator - Lonely/911   Least Favorite song from an artist that I like that imo was way overhyped compared to the rest of his songs: Post Malone - I Fall Apart
favourite:despacito least favourite:despacito
After paying cash for a house in the suburbs at age 23 from money I made counting cards in blackjack, realizing that money can only facilitate some ends, conquering the depression from realizing that I could not buy happiness, realizing that I had lived for over two decades by echoing the loudest opinions of my environment, and charting myself a course that gives me a joyful sense of purpose, I feel as though I'm at a respectable level. 
A level per year.   I'm level 42. The last achievement I got  was "Locked Unlocked", I got a lock pick set and a clear practice padlock for Xmas. 
I don't really know what lvl I'd be but I feel like I finally stopped doing that super long unimportant side quest that distracts you to focus on the main story. 
Weeds. And Weeds
Grew up in *Roseanne* with a parental gender-swap.  Wish it was more like *Malcolm In the Middle*.
Who cares whats normal? If you like it you like it  But according to most of my guy friends and myself, yes  
Different strokes for different folks.  
I’m a guy and I’m not really about it. If my partner asks me to do it I will, but I wouldn’t lick shit particles voluntarily.
Quitting smoking and losing weight! 
Im planning  on dropping 65 pounds before December first 2018 that would put me we'll under 300 pounds and it will incentivize to get to my target weight of 220 by may 2019.
Saving15k on a 45k income 
Some random guy showed up that we all just figured knew someone/someone knew (this was a huge party) so no one said anything. The night went on, everyone was drinking and enjoying ourselves...countdown...happy new year...guy still there, chatting people up actually pretty cool. Long story short, the party spilled outside and the neighbors called the cops. Cops came and were super cool about it and everything until they saw that guy. He apparently earlier in the night had stabbed his girlfriend to death and burned his place, then went to some gas station and ended up shooting the clerk (he passed sadly) for a reason unknown and ran blocks away and figured he’d come into our party to blend in and hide. As far fetched and crazy as this sounds, it happened and to this day whenever I think about it I get this chilled feeling at how insane it was that he was just there partying and acting completely nonchalant about it all. 
Me. I drank a huge bottle of Absolut to myself to catch up because I was late. Ended up running down the street ripping my clothes off, then running into a tree and falling in a ton of mud.   I blacked out (duh) and kept coming to in different places puking and woke up covered in sleeping bags on my friends garage floor.   Didn't have vodka for like 10 years after that. 
My date kissed another girl at midnight. 
Ask them if they need food, rather than offer money. Ask them if they want toiletries or a warm sweater. Someone being dishonest will insist on money only.
My town is full of professional beggars. They’re often caught jumping in to new Range Rovers at the end of the day. It’s turned most of us away from giving money to any of them because it’s so hard to tell.
Look at their shoes and their hair. When I worked for a pizza delivery chain that's how I would pick out the people with signs that truly seemed to be in need. 
Just about to actually. I moved to California 11 years ago. I graduated high school here, fell for a girl after high school and we were together for five and a half years, engaged for the last 6 months.   3 weeks ago she left me. It destroyed me. I am still really fucked up from it. I can't afford the apartment on my own and my family doesn't live close enough to help. Her mom is gonna help her pay for the rent till the lease is up in March, then she'll move back in with her.   I'm moving back east (NJ) on the 12th, which is the day before her birthday. I wish this didn't happen. I wish we could just start over. I love her with all my heart but she fell for someone else and doesn't want me anymore.    So I'm going back home after 11 years of wearing shorts and t-shirts in the winter. It's 60° here right now and -6 where I'm going. I need new clothes.
I moved to suburbia. It's nice.
Since high school I've averaged about one visit per year, there have been years I haven't made it there at all, but really no years that I've gone back more than once. The only reason I ever go is to visit my Mom. For her I wish I went a lot more, but she's so busy with a business that it's tough for her to even make time for me when my family and I are there. But when I go I never visit the hangout spots or the bars, I just stop in and see my mom for a day or two and then I'm out of there as nonchalantly as possible.  I didn't move back after college and never will because it's a small town in the midwest where there aren't any career opportunities in my field. Also, I never liked that everyone knows each other. On top of that, I didn't like that everyone knows my whole family backstory going back multiple generations. I had teachers in high school who also taught my older siblings and parents, so they assumed I'd be an underachiever like them without ever giving me a fair shake of my own. I hated that.
Glad that 2017 is over, but then realizing that doesn't really change anything.
Happy.  Looking forward to 2018 and the adventures in store for the year.
I am so happy the holidays are over. There are just too many expectations placed on this time of year. 
Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew, as well as crossovers... just don’t let some shitty ass network get a hold of them. Let Netflix, HBO, Showtime, etc. handle that stuff.  The series would be nostalgic for old Hardy Boys & Nancy Drew fans. It could also be similar to the format that BBC’s Sherlock has in episode length.
Artemis Fowl could be a great anime.
[By His Bootstraps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/By_His_Bootstraps)  Just imagining Christopher Nolan take over this Robert Heinlein masterpiece is making me anxious.
breathing 
Sex.
Body hair tax. 
When I get paid, pay all my bills and am left with no money.
when i had no money
when i was born
Green Lantern
The Dark Tower movie. Ugghh.
The past 2 Halo games, especially Halo 5.
I made a self deprecating joke while working retail. Something about being the bare minimum of acceptable appearance (which is true - give me a dress code and I'll scrape the bottom of it every time). A customer said "Oh no, honey; I noticed you the second I walked in."  I followed up with another joke to deflect. She kept at it. I decided to take my lunch.  If you want to hit on a worker, don't. But if you really must, try it once and take your answer.
If they don't talk to you within a day after you initiate convo - they're not interested or are probably a piece of shit. Find someone who loves and cherishes you and most importantly CARES about you. Plenty of fishes in the sea. Find someone else to talk to after a day.
One of my old bosses had us all meet up at a nice restaurant/bar for dinner after a promotional event we'd worked with a bunch of the sales and distribution team. I was a salesperson on salary + commission, and the event was a couple hours from my home territory. So this was extra work (although fun) with no extra pay.   The dinner invite was not mandatory, but she said she wanted us all to get together after, if people wanted to, "for a bite and some drinks because I thought it would be fun if we could hang out like friends and not have to think or talk about work". The job had few perks and most of the sales team ot along well but didn't hang out much. So we ate and drank lavishly and had a great time. When the checks came the waitress asked how we wanted to split it up... again, this was a friendly invite (she made a point to say she and her husband were planning to go out there anyway but hoped some of us might join them), but it would've felt weird to say no. Still, it wasn't like any of us were volunteering to split the check, and the 12 or so of the employees sat and awkwardly looked anywhere but at her or the waitress until she sheepishly accepted the huge bill...   Honey, this was nice, but I would've eaten at McDonald's and got drunk in my hotel room it took a month and a half to get reimbursed for. Thanks for the scotch.
Well after my sister was diagnosed we searched for any form or way for her to continuing gracing us with her presence. And alternative medicine was one of the strong points of her continuing but hopefully battle and recovery. 
I think it's all beyond our grasp and we just have to breathe and go with the flow 
Being a moderate in a security guard force that was heavily republician and police officers wasn't a good mix. If you didn't hunt, fish, believe in the bible then you were an outcast. 
I worked for a fairly new "technology" company that had the absolute worst culture you could imagine. They kept growing too fast and only hired people fresh out of college so they could under-pay them all. So when they needed more managers, they promoted young and inexperienced people to leadership roles and gave them no training.  The whole place was like high school-cliques, competitive, and a beauty contest. One co-worker asked for feedback when she got passed up for a promotion and the only thing they told her was that she wears her hair up too much. Just one of the many examples. 
Worked at a gas station during college for three days. They also served ice cream cones. The first day the manager beamed a hooker in the head with an ice cream cone because she complained it was melted (it was). The second day I came down with the flu but decided to work anyways and then he owners son stole 3 cases of beer but it was somehow my fault. The third day, while dying of the flu, the manager demands free beer and when I give it to him the boss comes out and yells at me. I listened for 5 more minutes and then just quit even though I really needed the money. 
Those chocolate eggs they sell at Easter?
forgotten cash in random clothes pockets.
Any actual proof of the supernatural.  Everything else remains immersive.
top of baseboards, top of switch plates
Not something seen, but smell. I'm pretty sensitive to odors, so smell always alerts me to cleanliness. Masking odors with air freshener or febreze is very temporary.
If there is a ceiling fan, the tops of the blades.   I don't want dust from 5 years ago flinging in my face thanks!
Uncle Larry
Quiet, empty rooms.
One clogged toilet. Seeing it rise made me terrified of flushing for years. I would flush and run out. 
I slow cook mine at 220 degrees for 12 hours with a simple dry rub.
Smear hummus on ass. Eat ass. It is a very simple technique.  EDIT: I thought that said vegetarian. 
Like this (dont worry, SFW): http://www.gifbin.com/bin/062010/1277465896_eating-watermellon.gif
Turn of notifications and delete most social media 
Downloaded Moment (it's an app). I use the free version and everytime my daily time gets into the red, I feel hella guilty and put my phone down for like 2 hours lol.
Charge it in a different room 
Ren and Stimpy,  the show is fucked up haha 
Rocko's Modern Life. I mean, I knew it was weird as a kid. Most cartoons back then kind of were in one way or another. But I had no idea what a depraved, fucked up mess that show was when I was 8 years old.
Pee-Wee's Playhouse
A car accident? 
A random negative thought that spirals me down the path of panic and anxiety.
loud fart
What is clelery in its own food group besides something that's trying it's best?
Candy corn in the candy food group :)
Spam in the meat group
Does the canon in the Star Wars films even matter with how many times George Lucas has altered since the original release in 1977?
I haven't given a fuck about 'Star Wars' since I saw that re-make of episode 4, with a ball shaped R2D2 and a female Luke on a version of Tatooine with more space trash on it.  With a shiny storm trooper.
I'm glad someone has mentioned it. This is  desperately needed..
invading private space without consent
The use of sodium fluoroacetate (1080) to kill pests in New Zealand. It causes spasms and painful deaths to deers, dogs and other mammals who inadvertently consume the widely heli-droppped poison.
Reposts. 
When their big but they dont last long
Aircrafts coming crashing down.
The aftermath of any vice.
http://i.imgur.com/OmZ0uF3.gifv) This gif of a baby bear :) I hope you enjoy it 
Swallow hard and move on 
Take a nice hot shower, read a book, cuddle with my husband, or spend time with the kiddos.   Or buy myself something I’ve wanted :) 
A few times. Most of the time I tell them thanks but I am straight and they are cool with it. Then there are the ones who take that as a challenge and I have to be less polite and tell them if I wanted to try dick it wouldn't be theirs. 
Yes, it happens from time to time. Besides once where the person was drunk and very, very aggressive (grabbing at me) I always take it as a compliment and doesn’t bother me at all. 
Twice. Both guys just wanted to hook up with me. Was bi-curious at the time and almost followed through with one guy but then got grossed out. It turns out I'm only into girls.
Not really, it's just a group of people trying to have fun and network. It's not for everyone, but it's on you to find what does and doesn't work for you. 
I wish I knew
Taboo is always exciting. Everyone's looking for the next big thing to make them orgasm harder
it's hot
It's not smooth sailing if you're ugly or fat. 
When I was 14 and first started hanging out on the streets in the city, I knew a man named Fred, sometimes we hung out on a stoop or under the bridge.     He told really good jokes and had a really big heart.     However he came from the Catholic boarding schools and was ripped from his home when he was just a young boy and lived a very ruff life.      At one point, stores stop selling mouth wash to any native because of the issues with alcoholism.   A few times I went to buy him some because he was going through withdraws and wanted to do something nice for him.  Then I started noticing a few of the ole' boys now buying hairspray instead...   I seen Fred and he looked way more fucked up than usual and had pus around his eyes.       He looked up at me and said "This is why you can't ever be like me.  You'll see what happens." and he proceeded to directly spray the hairspray into his mouth while inhaling...          The next time I seen Fred he was blind and his eyes engulfed in pus and scabs.   He was drooling uncontrollably and couldn't really speak anymore.  I never seen him again after that.  RIP Fred, you were my friend.
Pretty much all of them.     My parents were too busy acting like teenagers, so we (the kids) grew up fast.  
I guess I'll go first and say the Nintendo DS completely dictated my early life.
Loneliness and Naruto
Mostly the N64 & Pokémon cards / game boy color.
I'd go on vacation. I'd visit California and soak in some sun while old Mr. Winter threw his yearly temper tantrum in my home state.
Make some extra cash consulting and travel the world on that extra income. In between, I'd do appearances at high schools trying to get girls into STEM fields and go as far as regularly tutoring a bunch of them in learning to program and gain marketable skills in web dev. I have an easy life now, no reason girls couldn't look up to me and make some extra effort to have their shit down early so they could enjoy life to the fullest. 
id buy a bus and DIY it into a mobile home, kinda like the van thing but bigger. then id travel around australia, maybe with a dog. id follow the coasts and spend all day swimming at the beach, attending festivals, or seeing the sights of foreign towns. and id learn to play guitar bc thats cool.  after australia, id couchsurf around the world. i could pay for hotels, but i think the thrill of sleeping with strangers in possibly bad accommodation makes it more fun. you live rough and go through he lows, and the highs seem even greater.  then when i was old and done travelling, id buy an island and make my own micronation.
That even us grown ups have no idea what the hell we are doing 90% of the time
Insurance is a legally required scam for the general public. 
That everyone didn’t own/maintain a farm.    :( •crushed•
Recommend 
Obviously if I mispell the word I cant type it
I see what you did there OP.  Supposed. 
EMTs, firefighters and nurses.
Teachers deserve more than they make. Teachers have a unique opportunity to change lives through inspiring and mentoring young minds- their impact can make a huge difference.
Janitors. People are disgusting and incredibly inconsiderate
Ar rahman pleasent music...
Classic Rock. Just makes the time go by quickly. 
Depends on the work:  If studying: Frank Ocean - Blonde  If working outside: Mike Orlando Sonic Stomp II
A white one
I'll start, I've been told by my SO that because of my facial expressions I'm very similar to a husky. Also because of how I run.
Jack Russell Terrier. I'm like 5'7 and hyper aggressive.
Pizza
Water and food are my only answers. Every scenario I can imagine would make me broke.
Based on experience, water at festivals.
I make relatively good financial decsions, even my dad wants me to retire him secretly but thats another story. But i always saved up any meager income i had and did other stuff slowly to pay for my entertainment, i then invested into crypto two years ago and crushed it but i did not know that holding crypto is best until i kept on in a trading site that removed it and i lost a lot of value (ouch).Compared to some people who spent all the money they can save on a car or expensive gear .
I've been the live-in caregiver to my mom and brother for over 2 years without crumbling (too much) from the stress.
I have a ton of money saved up for someone my age. Mostly because I have no life and therefore nothing to spend it on and I live at home so most of my expenses are covered, but by the time I move out in August I'll probably have close to $25000 saved.  That and I didn't kill myself last year, so I got that going for me I guess.
Tattoos and piercings! 
Tires. You get cheap tires, they're probably going to make your ride shitty and have bad traction in all kinds of weather. You'd be surprised at what a difference a nice set can make. 
[deleted]
An affair
Not me, but my parents divorced after 14 years together. I was 9, so, I remember it fairly clear. My dad was really busy with his auto company and in turn was never home. My mom started having more weight on her shoulders and rather than confronting him, she turned to her friends and partying for an answer. Dad thought Mom was cheating on him, so he cheated. Mom found out and cheated on him. After that it just turned into a downward spiral. All of my family thinks that the whole break up could've been avoided if they would've just sat down, listened to, and valued the other person's opinions and emotions
Parents behaviours to myself was good.  But they couldn’t stand each other and bickered like children. It was rather annoying and I didn’t really want to go see them.   Only when I had kids did the parents sorta stop and really behaved because they loved the grandchildren.  Also both parents got cancer (one after the other) so they took turns taking care of another. 
Parents were good to us kids but, over time, have become increasingly bitter and resentful to each other. They kept it fairly hidden when we were growing up but it became more apparent/they hid it less when we started college. It's become increasingly unbearable to all -- parents and children -- in recent years.  If you're asking because you're a parent debating whether to stay together for the kids, please (1) go to therapy and (2) don't ever badmouth the other parent.   The whole situation has made me like each of my parents less as people. It makes me so sad. 
8,800. I'm a really good lawyer. 
0 because I haven’t passed the bar 
Calling a girl but her dad answers
Leaving home after breakfast and coming home when the streetlights came on as kids, without our parents ever knowing where we were and what we were doing.
Dictionaries and encyclopedias made of paper! While you look up a thing, you almost always find another interesting thing in the process.
When trying to go left.
Masturbation while pooping
Your right to employ me at whatever rate I voluntarily agree to.  My right to work in a mine for $0.30 a day if I choose.  Both well within our rights.  Still wrong.
Tesla   but Google & Apple are the 2.
Parlay every sports game in existence I suppose
This is easy.  Google.
I am a huuuuuggggeee fan of The Weeknd. Like hugeeeeeee. Anyways, I bought tickets from Stubhub four months in advance before he was performing in my city. I bought two tickets, 250 each. They were in the middle section of the stadium. I gave the other ticket to my best friend as a birthday gift.   The day of the concert comes around, I have the printed tickets at hand, walk up to the person that scans the tickets and he says “sorry these tickets are invalid and/or they’ve already been scanned by someone else”. I was horrified. I’d spent 500 dollars on one of my favorite artist, and I couldn’t get it in. In fact, it was really embarrassing too because this was supposed to be a birthday gift for my best friend too.   After ten mins of calling stubhub and everything (their customer service was already closed at this point), I felt helpless. I turn around and my best friend had two tickets in her hand, for FLOOR SEATS. She got lucky and bought two floor seat tickets for 100 dollars combined. I am forever grateful and that was the coolest and happiest day of my life. I have such an amazing best friend. Not only did I get to see The Weeknd up close and personal, but I got to enjoy it with my best friend. 
Slept with me to end a dry spell 
Randomly, call/text when I'm at my lowest.   One of my oldest friends has a knack for randomly getting in touch with me when I need a friend. We might not call or text every day, probably more like text for 15 minutes to catch up once a month, and he may live across country from me, but there's this weird thing going.  The first time it happened, my mother suffered a heart attack and some sort of kidney malfunction and she was in ICU. I was in my truck driving to the hospital the day after my birthday to bring power of attorney or some weird paperwork. I'm crying and freaking out and he calls and just... it's better. He calmed me down, made me laugh and then I got on with making sure my mom pulled through. Mom is still alive, btw - she likes to scare the family sometimes.    It happened this past November as well. 2017 basically kicked me in the face, shat on my heart and killed my dog.   Pity partying it up in my car, full on ugly crying and having not so great thoughts after an awful day at work. This mother fucker rings me up with a random, "Hey, watchu up 2?" Like he felt the sad vibrations shaking the ground from across the country.    Lots more texts and checking up on me sprinkled through out the last 14 years of knowing this guy. All I can really think about is how fucking thankful I am for having someone like that in my life.    
The movie Holes. I think I was just too young the first time I saw it and the scene where one of the kids throws up just completely grossed me out. Now I get uncomfortable/gross feeling just thinking about the whole thing   Lots of people love it though and think I’m crazy lol
Mine is the episode of Teen Titans Go! where Raven has a teeth eating contest with the tooth fairy to win back the team’s teeth.   Creeps me out every time my daughters watch it. 
Ash vs Evil Dead. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssAZDf-iPyM
The Lord of the Rings.
Ready player one.
The Dragon Rider, The characters work together so well and the ending somehow makes you ready fir a sequel but also happy with how it ended
It was kind of a typo and they kept it.
From the number
Ask google 
Nice Try wife.
she got fired after sleeping with an underage coworker trying to make me jealous.
No. Not even once. Married 10+ years.
More specifically how it affects your daily life and relationships. 
Would like to know answers to this as well
Probably because that decade sucked.
We’re ashamed!? 
Because they are still just kids. Most 90s kids are setting up family's and careers right now and even the oldest 00s kid is still in high school.
Hoy hoy hoy.. Chips ahoy!  The kid is that bum still at home.. Hopefully I can answer soon
[$0](https://imgur.com/a/AvgI3)
1200$mo 4 bedroom 2 bath 2 car garage and office.
Supernatural
Friends
The big bang theory. * recorded laugh in background *
To be the type of person who gets up the first time the alarm goes off. 
Working as a park ranger in the summer, and backpacking around cheap countries in the winter. I don't think it's too lavish a dream. In fact, in 3 years I'm sure I'll be living it! 
I have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up, live out the true meaning of its creed: “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.”
My dad used to fix cars so I wished he had taught me some basics instead of me paying people to do it. I would save money and atleast be able to properly take care of my car. 
I wish I knew more about cars. I guess that's something I can lean myself, I actually read the manual to my car. 
If id had a dad around, how to value myself and not find value only in toxic relationships.
"Mitochondria is the power house  of the cell"
I reference history all of the damn time, if that means anything. I dunno, it's just fun for me.
Math, Chemistry, Biology, History, Comparative Civilizations, English, Physics, how to play the flute, clarinet, oboe, and guitar, how to research a topic, how to take notes, how to study and learn, how to think logically and problem solve, how to deal with failure, how to deal with success, how to work in a group, how to work alone, how to manage my time...
The same reason everyone else consumes it I imagine.  
Because it happens in less than half of the population and Asia is VERY populated.
Knitting
There are lots. Knitting/crocheting, cooking, video games, reading, writing, playing instruments...
Redditing
First off, one should never propose unless they know the answer; the relationship must exhibit communication and honesty, and unless you know the answer, don't pop the question (I honestly don't like the idea of proposing; it has been a tradition in my family that couples agree on if/when they will marry).   As for the relationship, it shouldn't be over as long as the air is cleared. Obviously he/she said no for a reason, so it is something that should definitely be discussed. 
What kind of no was it?
Since it was a no that they were not ready, it should not be over. A discussion should be had as to what "ready" would be and if marriage is something that that person may or may not want but it should not end the relationship unless they do not want marriage at all and the person who asks does. 
Beatboxing, it makes for a great fun fact though
The Beatles and Johnny Cash. I’m a 26 year old female so I know I don’t *look* like I’d know anything about them, but I do. 
Coins.
Water and bleach in a spray bottle, add a little Dawn dish soap, shake n spray. Let it sit for a minute then wipe down. Fridges are never easy, when I'm done I always line my shelves with Viva paper towels, something spills, just wipe it up and put down new one. Nothing compares to Dawn n Viva, worth it to pay a few cents extra. 
Half water and half vinegar in fhe microwave. When it's still hot use it to clean the refrigerator.
Take the inside shelves all out, hose it down outside.
A kardashian
Getting paid millions a year by the government to let wild horses roam on your land.
I think the bathroom attendants at strip clubs and super high end clubs and restaurants do OK.
(USA) Great place as long as you don't get sick.
Pretty cool. Just don’t fuck with the wildlife. If you don’t like barbecues, I wouldn’t recommend. 4/5
Under new shitty management. 
I ain't got any ambitions my dude so I guess just staying alive?
Make it to 2019 lol
Find a reason to continue breathing.
Because 365 is not divisible by 7.
The number of days in the year isn't a multiple of 7 (the number of days in a week).
Every one has done a good job at the bits and pieces but all together here it is: there are 365 days in a year with 52 weeks per year with 7 days per week, if you do the math that leaves 1 extra day to be accounted for in a normal year (364 is divisable by 7 but there are 365 days) which pushes everything from the previous year forward, unless it's leap year then everything goes forward 2
A certain light speed incident that occurred in The Last Jedi.
In Captain America Civil War when it’s revealed Howard Stark was killed by Bucky
When Eva-01 shot a fuckin LAZER BEAM FROM IT'S HEAD. 
I don’t think there’s any one right way to come out, you know your parents best. Just be honest and vulnerable with them! It’ll be scary, but I wish you the best of luck and hope you get nothing but love, warmth and support. 
If it's going to upset them wait until you can live on your own. Too many kids come out then get kicked out. Otherwise you should talk to a school counselor about a good strategy or at least someone that works with gay youth. 
What I would do is watch Philadelphia with them, and see what they think.
Incomprehensible thoughts with deeper meaning than you could ever understand with the untrained mind.
They were all great fun and very intense, acid n mushrooms both. So much laughter is suppose to be a good thing until your stomach muscles ache terrible the next day haha
I once did mushrooms with my ex in a forest. He was about 90 pounds more than I weigh (I am tiny and he played sports) and we took the same amount of mushrooms. Just chewed that shit up and swallowed.  After about 85 minutes, hit me like a tidal wave. I couldn't even express how I felt because I didn't stop smiling and laughing for 30 minutes, popping in and out of the tent we had set up.   By the end of the trip, I had seen a world made of lemons, I watched a tree dissolve before my eyes, and a mountain melted like ice cream.  10 out of 10 experience. 
Cleaning homes
Toys-R-Us during Christmas season
Sonic 
My favorite hentai is no hentai
I don't have one, but I have over 500 images of furry porn on my computer
Itadaki Seiki is a very well known hentai that I find quite suitable for my palette.
If you take up cigarettes you'll find it's a habit you won't easily give up.
Any repetitive practice really
Just do as the turtle: slow and steady. Don’t try to over achive.
Definitely, I eat pizza, talk really fast, and curse a ton. 
West LA and too well
Chicago. I honestly only ever met one guy who met the chicago stereotype before. 
Pam from the Office isn’t necessarily *cute*, just nice to look at from certain angles, I can’t really explain it. 
Half the anime I've watched is because of that
Survivor!
The fuck would you wanna break that habit??  Naps are awesome. 
Take faps instead. 
Naps are actually essential, but if your naps are out of laziness. Then having a good night’s sleep can help. Let your body wake up by itself instead of setting an alarm. During the day, find something that keeps you going. Usually having to do stuff you don’t enjoy will make you sleepy.
Leave
Freeze your ass off 
Heroin
Pretty good. I’ve just about sorted out this new device, I’m calling it “the wheel”. 
Someone already asked this, didn't know we were in the agree of Camelot.
Oh you know the holy roman emperor and poland are fighting a battle, the usual. so not so bad, the plague isnt around so great. 
You can’t break your resolutions if you don’t have any 
I ate half a cake. I wanted to cut back on sugar. I’ll try not to let this get me down. 
I didn't read yet, nor did I meditate. 
Reykjavik 
So I can look them up on Google images...cause I have no money...
Cancun, Jamaica, Fiji, Florida, California, or Guatemala.
Last night I accidentally body slammed her in Meijer parking lot. 
I cut the smelliest fart ever and almost made him throw up.
Apparently, drink his last beer. As of an hour ago. 
Ones that survived the swim are treated like heroes.
No citizenship for non-full bloodied Japanese.
Probably about the same as any other foreigner. Which is ranges from person to person. I got some strange looks for sure when I was there but the vast majority of people were super friendly and helpful. My group was two tall white guys and one black guy. 
[removed]
From 2008 to 2011 there was a stretch of exercises that we're back to back to back at my last base before I took my honorable and gtfo. The first year was tough but we (maintainers and the like) got by working 14-18 he shifts. The problem was that the exercises weren't for readiness or anything, it was a punishment because some derps (two of whom I knew personally) allowed live nukes to be transported from Minot afb to Barksdale afb. In order to assure the public this would never happen again, the higher ups scheduled us for every form of inspection they could, or so it seemed.   I think it was around the beginning of 2009 that we had the first on base suicide. The excersise at the time was prematurely ended and my entire squadron along with many others had a "safety day". We came into work and were given 6 hours of worthless briefings and then formed up and were told it was our fault airman so-and-so blew his brain cap off, then we were sent home.  At this point we were looking at excersizes as 1 to 2 month rounds of working every day, no breaks, 14-16 hours for the purposes of appeasing the public. But the aircraft we worked wasn't an in-use aircraft. So we were basically breaking our backs for absolutely no practical reason. Next week rolls around and the excersizes start again. This time we were about a month in when 2 or 3 more people killed themselves. Briefings ensued, "You need to keep your brothers and sisters in check", go home and come back in 6 hours cause we're not stopping the excersizes.  This goes on for 2 years. Work, suicide, briefings, "your fault", work. It was clockwork. Meanwhile, every single married person I knew and worked with are divorcing one after the other. I get it:why be married to someone you never see?   I remember that at some point, the chaplains assistant capped himself and there was a base wide safety day for that. "You dipshits let your chaplains assistant down. Now get back out there and pretend to deploy for 18 hours! And don't forget to PT before hand on your own time.   That's how it was the entire time I was at Barksdale and from the few people I kept in contact with, it only got worse. I just try not to think about it. Cause you can go overseas and lose brothers and sisters and everyone understands. That's war. Well, what the fuck was this?! And no one would talk about it. The only talk there would be is every now and again you'd hear some frustrated kid say "I sure could use a suicide right about now. It's only been two weeks but I feel like I haven't had a moment to myself in years " and sure you get mad, that's a pretty insensitive thing to say, but when you're trying to keep a 5 year long marriage together when you've only got 20 minutes of consciousness to spend with your s/o, and you don't know who's gonna off themselves next WHILE trying to keep the few remaining airmen under you from succumbing to the same shit... You just break. Every time someone jumped off the bridge outside of the base, shit themselves or worse I'd always think the same thing. If I'd have done it, they'd still be here. I wish it were me. And today, its the same. I'm not chaplains assistant, I didn't help a single fucking person that I wasn't expected to help in the entirety of my service. I've never seen a gun fire at an enemy, nor have I ever fought anyone. And yet the people who did, came back to that hellhole, and within a day or so they we're back at work. Excersise excersise excersise. 2 months of that, not holding their kids, spending time with their spouses, seeing the people who worried for them throughout their deployment. 2 months, then boom. Another one bites the dust. Briefings on safety, "your fault", get back to work. All for nothing. 
Probably not the military as a whole but some of the bureaucratic nuances that lead to people’s lives being ruined “for the greater good” (read: public image).   Additionally, knowledge of how shady and corrupt people in the upper echelons can be is unsettling.   I think at the end of the day most people would go back to their brothers and sisters in a heartbeat, but don’t hold the organization to the esteem that they may have previously.  
It isn't uncommon for women to poop while giving birth. 
That our parents had sex and even our grandparents. *and they liked it*
Most of us have intrusive thoughts that involve hurting and even killing other people.  However, because we're sane, we don't act on them. 
practice, practice, practice
I copied photographs. I used to draw grids on my sketch paper to get proportion and balance right. Suppose it's just a lot of practice really. Practice and repetition. Explore new medians. Find your strengths and weaknesses. 
/r/drawabox is a great place to learn the fundamentals. No matter what you want to draw, a basic grasp on anatomy, lighting, and perspective is a must. 
Mufasa dying in Lion King
When Aragorn bows to the hobbits at the end of return of the king. 
r/maybemaybemaybe
'Dream, dream, dream' by Everly Brothers.
 This is war by avenged sevenfold 
[Crazy for you.](https://youtu.be/F2YJbTrxeos)
Do it. It's just a movie. Put on king of the hill or family guy after if you're scared. Then sleep like normal or have nightmares. 
It was exciting actually, but nerve-wrecking. I remember just watching Annabelle at 2am in the morning....
Nooop. I'm a wuss. 
I got my dog (who is now my best buddy) for $15.
A pair of headphones.
Drugs 
Nope. We all die. And once I die ill be the only one to not notice. Doesn't bother me.
In the immortal words of the philosopher Heywood Allen, I'm not afraid of death. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Nope, but always worried about condition in which death occurs 
-Sugar scrub, gets all the dead skin cells and leaves skin smooth af - Loofah with a stick so you can reach your back - Waterproof bluetooth speakers 
I like to have some fake plants/flowers beside the tub or on the side of the faucet. It adds the touch of a natural vibe while you are in a room as claustrophobic as the bathroom.
I brush my teeth in the shower, so I would say my toothbrush and toothpaste.
The word fam.
Sick af. I thought I was over that shit last week.   Nope.   Sitting here feeling like absolute shit and I have to work in the morning.  The flu can suck my fucking dick.
The world is dying and the people that "matter" most and have the best chance of getting something good done don't give a fuuuuuccck.
I feel like the obvious answer is a cock shaped colony ship so that in the event horizon of a black hole you can go out in a blaze of glory hole
I tend to think of Rendezvous With Rama by Arthur C Clarke when I th8nk of colony or generation ships. Huge cylinder, hollow on the inside, habitat (farms, cities, lakes, etc) on inside of cylinder.
I think a key objective of colony ships would be to steer clear of black holes.  So it would 'act' like it's avoiding it from many light years away.,, unless it's doing some sort of gravitational slingshot maneuver....  Probably ball shaped.  Most volume, least material.  Just park it in orbit where it's going.  Honestly, if we can figure out how to 'virtualize' humans, then the colony ships can be relatively tiny, and very efficient for resources.  For the cost of sending a few people-cicles, with the life support and everything needed to keep them alive/suspended/whatever, you could send a whole world full of 'people'.  Just orbit it around a red dwarf star, and it will be fine for billions of years off solar power, even if the solar system couldn't support any sort of life higher than a bacteria in an ice cube.  There are several steps that a colony ship would take after arrival in a new solar system.  First, deploy resource collection drones that will guide asteroids and comets and stuff towards a factory and process things into raw materials.  Then build some more drones and more colony ships with that, and send them out to the next solar systems, based on a variety of the latest designs and improvements, from the galactic network shared by colony ships.  This will make sure the entire galaxy and nearby globular clusters are flood filled with colonies at the quickest possible pace.  Then build habitats and terraform, and do whatever with DNA/cell/seed/egg/womb systems, to print life to inhabit it with.  Raise the 'real world' cubs and kids with androids inhabited by people from the virtual world.  All the while building more virtual world colonies for solar orbit.  Then provide some sort of backup system, to collect images of new 'real' people, for the virtual world.  As a sort of 'afterlife'.  Even though you're dead, a version of you will live on afterwards.  Maybe with a shiny 'H' on their heads.... 
I use them religiously to wash my face. 
I use a loofah. A washcloth seems worse.
Sometimes you need to really get in 'der.
The first bandit that you kill in the tutorial
One of those skeletons that died on the main quest because they weren't good enough and is now decorating a sewer or some shit. 
Jackass who will challenge you if you make eye contact within a five mile radius then lose 
I regret not being there when grand dad died. Kristen my sister had just been diagnosed with cancer so I was with her at an appointment and we got the call. Grand dad had fallen and hit his head. And like that he was gone. The last thing I said to him is "You know i appreciate everything you did for sis and i. She couldn't make it without you right now". And then he was gone and I've been supporting my sister ever since through the struggles of lukemia. But thankfully grand dad raised me strong. We will make it through .
Not being a good enough boyfriend/fiance 
Was planning on going to see one of my favourite singers live but ended up not going to study for a test. She got shot and killed 2 months later. 
Not sure if this qualifies...but I used to clean/detail cars in high school. I was vacuuming out the passenger side while my partner was vacuuming the driver's side. With one hand I lifted up the corner of the floor mat just enough to fit the nose of the vacuum under. My partner yelled for my attention over the sound of the vacuums and told me, "Do NOT move." Turns out, there was a pistol right under the floor mat, and I managed to lodge my hand near the trigger by raising the floor mat (the floor mat was blocking my view). I lived in a very redneck part of town so it was not uncommon to have guns stored in random ass places. My coworker told the owner of the vehicle what happened, and to maybe not put a gun right where people will be working, and he proceeded to laugh and say, "Shit, that thing's loaded too."  TL;DR: Used to clean/detail cars in a redneck part of town. Almost accidentally shot myself because some guy left a pistol under his floor mat. 
The best way to terminate is to make them pull the trigger lol
Not a cleaner (care assistant) but Hemorrhaging piles isn't that great to look at.
Live with your parents.
A thing that always worked for me was considering any money required for bills as being money I didn't have.   So let's say my rent is $700/month and my first paycheck of the month is $1000. This means I only have $300, that other $700 doesn't even exist.   As I've done better financially this has grown to include not just rent or bills or groceries but also savings contributions. I just have a set amount taken out each paycheck in to bills accounts, savings accounts, and retirement funds and don't even have to think about it anymore.   Our next step is going to be including a portion for investments. 
Stay away from eBay, and for the love of God don't open a PayPal credit account
Lemon/lime. See, in Spanish there's only one word for lemon: green lemon and yellow lemon. Made limeade for the longest time thinking it was lemonade.  
I mispronounced epitome for a long time haha.  I thought that it's actual pronunciation was a different word.
Cliché
it's only weird if it feels weird to you
A little but not much, it won't matter in a few years anyway.
No, duh.
I got into college :)
Passed a professional engineering exam. 
I joined a kickball league and made a lot of cool new friends. I’ve always had trouble meeting people so this was really cool for me. 
Anytime a boob toober gets on /r/livestreamfail just check the child comments. Some thirsty bois
[The Amar Opening](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amar_Opening)
When someone gets food in there teeth and a person tells them about it. 
“When I was a kid, I had to wait for my mom to get off the phone before I could use the dial-up internet. And then I had to wait for it to connect!”
I had to pay my student loans for 15 years
Taking pictures, viewing pictures, checking the time, making a call, sending a letter, taking a note, checking the date, checking the temperature, listening to music, watching movies, and reading the news all required a separate object. And most of them weren't so portable! 
I'm sure there's people with more expertise on the subject, but in case this ask gets buried, I'd recommend basically any coding course.  Knowing some coding is always great for resumes and networking, and there's some great online courses you could track down.
Chemotherapist assuming that my 100% success rate means i am able to treat 100% of my patients successfully.
Rockstar because chicks and money.
Something sport related, become wealthy with potentially millions of fans praising you, an egotist's dream come true.
Because some guys are retarded enough to send dick pics to women that don't even like it.
Because moob pics would be strange.
You ever look in your spam folder, and wonder why people advertise in such an invasive and unwelcome way like that?  I mean, besides the ads that google inserts into their web interface....  The same sort of mentality.
Jenna and Julian Marbles!!
liza koshy duh
Jenna and Julian. And h3h3productions
I use Lawnchair on my OnePlus 5t. Near stock Android with lots of customization options. Smooth and fast too
Nova launcher. Can't use any other.
I just discovered the Microsoft launcher, and added SwiftKey for a keyboard. It's really nice. And way faster than the other one that came with the phone. TouchWiz is the one for Samsung. I was using gboard for the keyboard.  It's zippy fast now!  But I tried Google now launcher and it was pretty good too, like the pixel. But I don't use ok Google.
Yeah. I chose one. Everyone's happy.
I had two friends who would fight constantly despite being friends for 12+ years and one of the girls would always tell me to choose a side and i never would. She eventually moved away so i guess she chose which side i was on for me.
Yes, I chose the one I knew I wouldn’t fight with again.
No problem at all.  European (Caucasian) . SO is Japanese.  No issue on her side nor mine with the family. 
My family is very liberal and my sister had dated outside her ethnicity. Absolutely no problem  Her family though... We decided I would meet her parents. I went to her house and her mom literally SAID I WAS NOT ALLOWED IN THE HOUSE! We were 18, but it was quite a moment. Her mom didn't even know we were dating either. We broke up soon after
My family is very chill about it and my boyfriend’s family is always trying to share their cultures with me (he’s Caribbean Latino and South American Latino). It’s really nice!
That windmills are being installed by anti-fracking groups to secretly generate earthquakes.  This is one of the reasons I drink.
That fluoride in tap water is used for mind control
Anything that has to do with aliens (as Hollywood depicts them) coming to earth and building pyramids or other iconic structures. It’s almost like modern humans can’t fathom that ancient humans used math and slave labor 
Pocket one: my driver's license, vision insurance card, health insurance card, and an expired skydiving voucher (there was a pair jump special and my partner changed her mind.)                 Pocket two: some change and the debit card for my and my husband's joint bank account.                  Pocket three: receipt (now in the trash), movie ticket stub, bakery stamp card, business card for a restaurant I want to go to on vacation next year, credit card, debit card for my personal account, and my HSA card.  
Dust and some pennies
Cards and membership   Local ID  Money   What else would people have? 
Ballpoints lack James Caan.
My ex got her PhD it dietetics and nutrition. Gatorade funded a hydration study and when it came out that chicken noodle soup was more hydrating, they pulled all funding. As of a few years ago, the study wasn't published. 
Alaska. $700,000 from DOE to prove that snow fences can accumulate snow. Submit a proposal as a female in STEM and get anything funded.
http://freebeacon.com/issues/taxpayers-have-now-spent-3-5-million-to-find-out-why-lesbians-are-obese/
To-do lists are the best for me. Crossing shit out is an instant motivator and clearing that list up as well. 
I hate to be the one to say it, but getting off of Reddit and any social media for a while.
Well, it certainly helps to remember that a lot of small, tiny, baby-steps, add up to a lot over time.   It's like that new NASA Ion Drive that they used to visit distant asteroids.   The Ion Drive emits only a small amount of thrust... just a small amount of molecules at a time.   But, the power and amazing potential of the Ion Drive is that it NEVER stops emitting this thrust. It continuously emits small thrust constantly, and in the end it overtakes dramatic conventional rocket thrust, achieving higher speeds.   So... no matter how much you procrastinate... just try to achieve a few tasks per day, and watch the effect add up dramatically over time. 
How else will you get experience if you don't do it, right? If it's something you want to do, do it. 
Yeah. For fun.
How do you except to gain experience? 
Fake nice
I hate the gyms being so damn crowded.  It's the same damn people who are just coming in for their New Year's resolutions, and they're just going to quit right after Valentine's Day anyways. 
It was -19°F when I woke up this morning. 
Everyone has different kinks mate. Can you explain why you get off to a dude with a huge dick smacking a girl in the forhead with it?
What's a furrie please ? 
 It's like a choose your own adventure, some people party. some people only do art. others do... other shit. It's all about what you're into. if you're only in to fucking go find people to fuck with. if you're into partying there's hotel rooms that are just for partying.   It's just some weird escape from the everyday stresses of the world. Every sane furry knows it's absolutely weird as fuck, but it's just fun.
My uncle tricked me into thinking Opera browser was Oprah browser
Jesus
In the hood probably
Gotham City
Hmm... How about an amusement park?Those two definitely gave me nightmares as a child, but I would love to see a battle between them.
"If you really want to date them, go for it!"
You should try and be more confident... 
Took a week off to go visit my girlfriend of about 6 months, who was away this semester for school hadn't seen her in about 3.5 months. Was a total cold and distant asshole the entire time and we ended up breaking up because of it. Turned to alcohol for a week which only caused me to get really anxious and depressed and in turn physically ill (fever, hallucinations, nightmares, aches.) barely had energy to open my mouth let alone get out of bed. Worst holiday season in my entire left lolol. 
eat as much food as you can and try not to go to the toilet (#2). Save it all up for one giant release. For a first timer 3-4 days is a good goal.
I'm doing Nothing. Because every other day i'm going to school from 8am-2pm, and working from 2-6pm, and studying from 6-10pm. 
My mother will never let me live it down. My dad doesn't give a shit. My sister and I get along great.  
By... being proud of them? Their success isn't a reason to feel threatened. There's not a finite amount of success in the world. Be happy for them now, be supportive if they fall, accept your own success when your time comes.
I honestly don't know how my family deals with it. /s
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_La_D%C3%A9fense_%E2%80%93_Une_Ville_En_Concert  I lucked out in that I got to stay at the hotel right by the stage.
probably the eclipse a few months ago.  actually drove a couple of hours to go see the totality. 
Hurricane Harvey and The One America Appeal Concert (concert where 5 presidents went to raise money because of the hurricane). I wasn’t in the worst parts of the hurricane but it was flooded to hell where I live. And I didn’t think that the concert would be as popular as it was... albeit no TOO popular. It was nice seeing old US presidents with my own eyes though. And Lady Gaga. No complaints whatsoever.
The alive one, obviously.
Teddy Roosvelt, because the world needs more teddy.
Martin Luther King Jr. His method of confronting adversities hasn’t been matched since Jesus.
Main account and porn account. 
[Main] well the one I use the majority of the time.    [GoneWild]  to post nudes, of course.     [Throwaway 1&2] to comment when I don’t want to on the main. #2 for posting things I don’t want associated with my main.    [Bitch]  for calling out idiots and so I can be a brat sometimes.    
To upvote my own posts
I would rather not, magic is cool and all but the internet is better.
I'm WAY too old, and not British, and not a wizard.  So I guess I'd have to send the bird back with a 'wrong address' notification.
I would do so right away, learn all I can since I got a lot to catch up on, and then live in the muggle world impressing girls with “party tricks.” (Just hide the wand and practice casting spells without talking)
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by Rebecca Skloot  Cook County ICU: 30 years of unforgettable patients and odd cases. By Cory Franklin, M.D.  The Disappearing Spoon by Sam Kean  Periodic Tales by Hugh Aldersey-Williams  Head Case: My Brain and Other wonders. By Cole Cohen  The Accedental Species: Misunderstandings of Human Evolution by Henry Gee  The Birth of the Pill: by Johnathan Eig  Doctors From Hell: by Vivian Spitz  (only read this if you have a strong stomach.)  How I killed Pluto (and why it had it coming) by Mike Brown  Stuff Matters by Mark Midownik  Not all of these are about medicine, but are still good reads.
Not a physio but I would recommend reading ‘the apology of Socrates’ then Aristotle’s ‘metapjhysics’.  Socrates’ dialogue will hype you up, Aristotle’s will make you ponder.
Not me, a friend said make friends with the dealers, (in England, probably much harder in the US) but if you want anything smuggled in often they just have it flown up by mini drones. 
My first night at Tent City in Arizona someone from my tent had gotten chicken wings. What they do is throw good over the fence in the middle of the night. To heat them up they told a bed sheet wrapped the wings and threw it the dryer. I couldn't believe it 
Because jail times can vary, some people aren’t in there long enough to order from the commissary or have money transferred to them so they can and you have to improvise. My favorite ones: making hair ties from tampon strings and using coloring pencils for eyeliner. 
New Years Eve 2012, Vancouver BC.  Beautiful girl was crying in the street.  She had gotten in an argument with her boyfriend, and he'd smashed her phone on the ground.  She was trying to get in touch with her friend (who lived in the building I was walking past and she was crying in front of), because she needed sanctuary, but her phone was smashed, and she asked if she could borrow mine.  There are a lot of scammers - a gorgeous girl crying and asking for my phone seemed like a trap.  She pulled out her broken phone to show it to me... but I'm a pretty paranoid person.  Could totally still be a trap.   What if I give her my phone, and she runs around the corner where there are three guys telling me to forget about my phone?  Still, I didn't want to be the guy leaving someone in need stranded in downtown Vancouver, so I asked her what the number was, and dialed it on speaker.  The friend answered, came down from her apartment and brought her into the building.  She was thankful.  I went along my way, and didn't get mugged the whole rest of the year.
I’ve been the stranger crying in public does that count?
Girl was crying in front of school. Wanted to do something but awkward 16 year old me was too scared to do anything.
Get a tattoo or two, learn to scream, and love myself 
I'm hoping to beat my record of not shiting for 7 days. I think I can do 10 before a thundering release.
 I would like to be happy. Also, I would like to stop living paycheck to paycheck. 
Minimalistic. Plain colors. Dad hats, and long shirts.
Anything crushed velvet, clothes with holes in it, millennial pink
Dirk Digler.
Iris on 'The Holiday'. Shes just nice, meets so many people who were writing for Hollywood when it was in its infancy, and is just a genuine character. 
Spiderman
Wasn't there myself, but the Hillary Clinton victory parties from November of 2016, available on YouTube would probably qualify. 
For a “party school” all our parties really suck. Half the time they’ve been bopped before you even get there, the only drinks they have are Natty Lite and sketchy jungle juice, they get as hot as a sauna, and if you’re a guy or you have guys with you you’re probably not getting in
I don't know
24
My age.
I love you.
I’m going to go to bed early this year...
"I'll clean it up today." 
My contact peeled off my eye and fell out. Traumatized the kid and took home the win.
I started going to the gym. I'm not even buff, it just made me a little happier than I was and it escalated everything else. 
I joined a sports team in high school. I was the farthest away from athletic when my friends convinced me but after my senior year it kept me motivated to work out on my own :)
Made this reddit account. Haven't slept in months
It's been just over a year since I was a passenger in a head on collision between a FedEx semi and a Saturn s2. I broke both ankles, my pelvis, my sternum, a couple ribs, lacerated liver, bruised heart and lungs, sever nerve damage on the right side, my brain was bounced around and slightly damaged, and on top of it all I was squished like a bug from the waste down.  The front of the car was on me.    Now I have pain almost every day, if it's in scar tissue/nerve damage areas or over a spot where there was a break. I can walk unassisted! I haven't found work yet (but I'm getting by). After therapy I learned how to make somethings in daily life easier ( putting on clothes, bathing, lifting, stairs). I still have a ways to go, but I know this year will get better, and I will heal even more!
Almost bled to death last year after punching a window in stupid anger 2surgeries and expecting a 3rd to remove excess scar tissue my right hand still doesn't work right mostly made me realize how fragile I am   And if your getting hit hit them back not punch inanimate objects
I survived a car wreck that killed both people in the car that hit us and according to the fire brigade should have killed everyone in my car as well, I was relatively ok, I’d put my face through the side window in the impact so my face was really cut up, I had a bad concussion and lots of bruising all over my body but nothing broken. In a month I’d fully recovered but it will make you look at life differently than before in hugely contradictory ways. One minute you’ll feel almost arrogant about your mortality, like if you can walk away from that nothing can touch you and on the other hand you see life as hugely fragile and to be valued really highly. 
We love to kill people.
You leave Father Brown alone young man.
Because I'm the 'Quiet Neighbor'.  The one the neighbors talk about on TV, after the shocking events.
I have an acre of land between my house and any other house
No, I am loud. But I have no nearby neighbors to complain about me so hehehehe
The destruction of the Library of Alexandria by the church...humanity would be so far ahead of where we are now...
Guns. We can survive without them.
Guns, bombs, explosive weapons. Call me sadistic but I'd get a kick out of modern warfare being solved with swords and shields.
Harvey Weinstein. 
Ajit Pai
That Shrekli guy.  
Everything will taste like Clamato.
It might help with heartburn, it it's the saltine kind of cracker.    But you shouldn't snack at night, anyway.  You just dumped a bunch of carbs in right before bed, and you're not burning it, so it will be converted into fat.
It's good if you want to have clam chowder for breakfast 
Boobs bouncing
Thongs at the beach 
Squirt
I still have my tattered old baby blanket
The missus. 
The first condom that I ever used.
Too much
Hours
Several hours because I still have another week before I go back to college.
Blue tux. His date was in all white. She was pissed at him for not telling her that he wasn't gonna wear something normal.
A black leotard, the dress being formed from glow sticks. It was alright but the girl in it was too obnoxious about seeing if people loved her dress.
One girl in my end of year prom wore a rainbow T-shirt and blue jeans, while everyone wore dresses and tuxedos.   She was anti-social and a bit fucked in the head, but she was excellent in the sciences. 
Gucci Gang by Lil Pump otherwise known as Lilian Pumpernickle.
It's everyday bro
Every new Maroon 5 song. Why do they suck so much now?
Always liked the idea of kid(s) but wanted to give them the childhood I was lucky enough to gave. Two parents, little league, same school system  for 5+ years, etc... So needed to have two things, 1) stable job/life (basically my shit together) 2) awesome wife who wanted the same.   Number 2 actually became real, so after 5+ years of marriage we thought we had our stuff together enough (never really do but close enough!!).   Zero regrets, little person ½ you ½ your awesome partner in life is amazing! It’s fucking hard, exhausting, stressful and all the other shit no one ever tells you. Buts it’s the best, I mean absolute best when I hear “daddy” or “thank you daddy!” In the cutest, littlest void ever ever!!! 
I always wanted kids and a big family. We had twin boys and then we stopped. I love them to death and wouldn’t give them up for anything but kids change your life. I came from a big family so I thought I knew what it was like to have and raise kids but I had no idea. They are wonderful but one of the hardest things I have ever done. If I was rich, I would have a half dozen more but wow they are a lot of work and your life can never be the same again. 
Definitely happy we had a kid! Kids are so funny! Always making me laugh and makes me feel a great sense of accomplishment, raising a little person well. It’s like you leave something behind of yourself when you die. Also the way I love this little person is unbelievable, it’s wonderful to feel. Like my heart is full. When the little voice says “ I love you too” it melts ya heart. And nice snuggles and things I’ve forgotten are fun again, like playing in snow, Christmas morning and the playground. But mostly it’s the hilarious thing. Ever heard a toddler swear? Sure is funny. 
Nikola Test Me
Albert E. = MC^2
Neil D "gas" Tysson
Having my mom give me CPR.. 
I was in a car accident one night while I was high (I was a passenger) and I suffered a brain injury from it. I had to quit drugs because not only did they make me feel worse, but because they would hinder my recovery. Two months clean and I've recovered somewhat from my brain injury. I've still got a long way to go, but I'm determined to stay clean.
I used to be addicted to cigarettes until my 21st birthday rolled around. I'd tried to quit a few times before that, but no dice.  I went out and bought some alcohol, and I drank 2 or 3 shots of hard liquor every day for about 2 weeks. Since then, I haven't had the urge for another cigarette and I only drink about twice a week currently. I'm not really sure how it happened, but I have everything in check now.
Lit 
Woke. Like yes I woke up this morning? 
"bae", "fam", "thicc"
This one is called hellfire chili. I don't have the exact measurements, but it's Green Chiles preferably jalapeños, Ancho chiles, Guajillo chiles, and a small bit of Habaneros. Start by browning the beef then add your chiles, onions, and garlic. Cook until translucent and season everything with, Cumin, oregano, chili powder, smoked paprika, salt and pepper, with a dash of garlic and onion powder. Then deglaze with beer as all good chilis should. My choice is Shiner Bock as I'm from Texas and love my shiner. After it's taken time to cook out the alcohol, add crushed tomatoes with diced fresh tomatoes, and a bit of water for moisture. Then get to a simmer and turn on low for 1 hour. After the hour mark add cooked pinto beans then let go for another 30 mins max. Serve with sour cream cheddar cheese and cornbread and green onions. Also don't forget to always pour out the fat from the beef in the beginning!
As most of my family is vegetarian, this is the only one I’ve ever made: https://cookieandkate.com/2015/vegetarian-chili-recipe/
The recipe on the back of the McCormick mild chili seasoning mix is my favorite. It even won second for me in a chili cookoff against from-scratch recipes.
Instructions unclear: nofapped for december
luckily i was off work the last 10 days of December.  i'm ok....but now I have no desire to nut.  maybe tomorrow i'll be back to normal.  also I started dating this girl in mid-December and she seems to think that i don't show enough interest in her.  i don't know if this is connected or not.
My balls have officials shrunk to the size of grapes and turning a yellowish color. Don’t wanna see a doctor because I’m too embarrassed
Because religion was devised by people as a mechanism to manipulate and/or control other people.  I believe there is a higher power, but I don’t believe any individual or group of individuals is more connected to that entity or has the capabilities to act as a medium. 
Religion isn't something you can believe in or not. Religion is a thing, an absolute indisputable aspect of society.  Now whether the beliefs behind a religion are true, that's where belief comes in. But the religions themselves absolutely exist. So no belief necessary
The concept and ideas of organized religion are awful to me but I believe there’s a God. I just don’t want to be part of something so corrupt. Of course not all religion is corrupt but in my experience it’s been awful so I just stick to my belief :)
Nerve.  I saw it on a plane and wasn't expecting much, but it was a shockingly good film and drew on a lot of the same themes that Black Mirror regularly does.
Her.
Pi by Darren aronofsky 
most superhero films tend to bore me (with the exception of ww and spiderman) due in part to terrible humor and cliche plotlines
Frozen
Not hate, but don't care for is princess bride.
Recommend what time I leave the house at 
Crashed right after I sent a 'cursed' image to a Discord server.
Alert me to bad traffic. Saved me a solid 30 minutes getting home from school.
Starbucks wouldn't let them off this time.
Ohhh sounds like someone didn't get the e-vite. 
It never stopped.
Honestly just stop, chew a lot of gum, have a wicked headache for a week or so and then it starts to fade 
Don't watch Mad Men
For me I started feeling pain in my lungs so that was a big help.   Few things I did besides that: -Leave your wallet at home if you don't have willpower. Can't buy them with no money  -Countdown to your last cigarette or pack, for me I bought my last 5 packs of my favorites and wrote 1-5 on them  -Buy a white board and make a counter of how many days free you are  -Quit on a big event, for me I timed it so my last one was finished on midnight as the next day rolled into my birthday, I played my favorite smoking song, and drove to the place I had my first cigarette and left it where it all started.  -After making headway into your first few days or weeks, make a point to stop being around it, don't be around friends or co-workers who smoke, eventually you'll hate the smell  -Years will go by and you'll still miss it, but you know your better off without it   Hopes this help, you can do it brother
Ummm, kids and teenagers can't remember back that far, I'm pretty sure.  I can barely remember before the interwebs and I'm in my mid twenties.
You could hang out with your friends and there wouldn't be those awkward moments where everyone was on their phone and nobody was talking. As someone lacking a lot of social media moments like those make me want to slap peoples' phones out of their hands.
I used to collect sap from a tree in my backyard and try to build a fort out of sticks and the sap. The internet was around but I miss being in nature without the constant need to be on my phone
When I ask their age and they hold up 4 fingers. 
Owning an iPhone at conception 
If you were born in 2010 you're definitely a kid.
One of my friends went through depression. I was able to observe depression from the outside instead of the inside.  I saw how it affected his friends, family, activity, and motivation. I saw how unhappy of a life it was to live.  I learned so much about depression by observing it first hand. It also helped me identify patterns to what would set off my depression. It convinced me once and for all how important it is to get help. Thankfully, I was able to change myself   
Saw a therapist at my school. Part of university tuition includes a couple free sessions that I totally used. Then started blogging and then working out. Also tried noticing and remembering good things throughout your day, like a really friendly barista super early in the morning. 
You really never overcome it, you just feel good for some time and the hits agian, its more like a cycle you learn to live with.
It's Eraserhead. 
What's everyone's deal with Requiem for a Dream? I thought it was slightly dull but nothing traumatic.
False, it's *Grave of the Fireflies*.  Never.  Again.
When you rarely say hi, but rather just start talking like the conversation never ended.
When I need to borrow money.
If we can comfortably hang out together, just the two of us, without anyone else.
I'm a fire type Pokémon if I believe hard enough
Stealthy sniper or archer.
Big booty bitches BBB Big baller
Because that thing is fucking gross. 
I usually lift the seat with my foot
Chances are the guys before me probably peed on the seat so I ain't touching that 
Hydrate while drinking. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
pho and weed, iced coffee 
A greasy burger, fries, water, and marijuana to settle the stomach.
Nintendo is doing great again. Everyone else is copying the same formula over and over again creating loot box infested, half created games. Back in my day they'd sell you the full game and not some dlc one. Hence why I love Nintendo now more than ever
Needs more joysticks and less thumbs.
Back in my day, we just had a moving square 'ball', and a couple of rectangular 'paddles'.  And ONE sound.  'Boop'.  And you had to pay a whole quarter to play it, that was worth more than a dollar is worth, today.  And the analog controller was a potentiometer with dead spots!  Kids today, with their mipmapped textures and voxels and realistic-looking gore.  You know, you used to GET UP, to change the channel on the TV, and if you touched the antenna screws on the back, you'd get shocked!
A stapler, unless you are a pro wrestler.
hammer
A belt sander.
ASMR, it sounds so dumb but it works.
CBD oil.
Weed and/or Melatonin
Isn't there a DB villain called Cooler, or am I miss remembering?
Being in the middle of dragonball super I feel goku might be clinically retarded 
When you're a kid? Goku.  When you grow up? Vegeta.  
If you’re like me and want to learn to live by a budget Mint can help you track and evaluate your money habits and help you stick to your budget!
I used to use this app called Habitica (Gamify Your Life). There's this cute widget for it that lists out my daily tasks and I get gold/exp when I complete them. I had it on my home screen and seeing incomplete tasks bothered me so I forced myself to finish the task so I could check it off. You should check it out!
If you have a Fitbit the app is really nice to see your progress every week and make goals for yourself. Also, 1SE (1 Second everyday) although it costs money, it’s super cool to put a second of your day every day on it and play your year back at the end!
“Oh cool” when it was in fact not cool at all 
“I don’t remember”. I say that shit to my SO all the time. 
Two seconds ago on here when somebody was asking for advice for their first time flying on a plane.
The clit
Tell them they are beautiful
Learn to massage, and learn tongue skills.  You will never be lonely.
I wouldn't. I'd light a fire.
Exposure. 
probably a tooth abscess  
Reddit. Since I started this account
Peeling grapes
Masturbating...like since I was 12
That is Mark Ronson, the man who actually wrote and produced the instrumental for the song.
He's the producer, writer, guitarist Mark Ronson.
Must be Jewish 
Inb4 pre 2000's replies.
I'm most nostalgic for the Mid 2000's to Early 2010's. They were my childhood.
1993-2005. I was working at a billiard hall and it was honestly the best years of my life.  I was making a ton of money, having a blast at work (who gets to say that?), playing with and learning from some of the best pool/billiard/snooker players around, and my two best friends were still alive and were not addicted to heroin. 
You're gonna get made fun of for being a POG, but your part of a bigger picture devil.  You all stood on those yellow footprints, you all received the EGA.   Stay motivated and reelist and all that Semper Gumby shit, every Marine is a rifleman.  Did I miss any cliches?
Because, hearts and stuff. 
Too Many Cooks. I have a friend who will occasionally send me a YouTube link, at least half the time it's that stupid video but I always click. Then it's in my head for days... Like it is right now
.... what?
[Good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acK0KH2uJGc) - Better Than Ezra  Had it stuck in my head for almost a week one time.
I was outside of a community centre when I was given certain news over text which infuriated me.   I went into the centre’s near-empty gym and went crazy on a punching bag. Then I had like three Red Bulls and went crazy against the punching bag again.    Eventually the one guy working there said that I wasn’t dressed appropriately for the gym and had to go. He also asked if I even had a gym pass. I told him I didn’t and told him about the situation. He let me go through the lost and found to grab gym shorts and let me go crazy on the punching bag for more time.   Now I have a gym pass and we’re friends. 
I broke a sink faucet
I get angry when I get cut off while riding my motorbike.. So easy to die on these things but I prioritize not to t dying by getting out the way but the fact that people don't pay attention really grinds my gears... 
I've never tried this method but saw it recommended on here. Take a plastic grocery bag and put one leg in each handle hole, thus creating a catch all for your shavings that is easily disposable. 
Big hair over the toilet, the rest in the shower.
Shower, and I shave weekly so in never grows out too much, especially not enough to clog anything
Shipley Do-Nuts. Mmmmm.
Kirkland, that's exclusive right?  Costco if amazing 
Falls Brand Bacon  
Bob's Burgers :)
Parks and Recreation always makes me happy. As for movies, Step Brothers and Talledega Nights make me smile. Fundamentals of caring is a bittersweet one too. 
Curb Your Enthusiasm. Its hard to be in a bad mood after watching that. Pretty pretty pretty good.
What do you mean "you people"? 
What do *you* mean, You People? 
Native level: Finnish, Swedish, English   Fairly fluent in German and can understand Dutch enough to follow a conversation 
Harry Potter.   I understand they were great, but I'm more of a Sci-Fi person and I'm a little too old for that now.    I'll read valueless embarrassing sci-fi because I like sci-fi enough to overcome that.     Same can't be said about fantasy.  
either harry potter or lord of the rings. i'm just not interested, and the more people tell me to try it, the less i feel like actually doing it
Anna Karenina 
The Starburst commercial with the little lad who loves berries and cream.  [Link](https://youtu.be/wYX_zhlTDr8)
[HEADON! Apply directly to the forehead!](https://youtu.be/f_SwD7RveNE)
Any cologne commercial.
DVD copies of M. Night's Avatar The Last Airbender.
Sheets
Socks. Every adult appreciates warm socks.
Save and load. 
Fast travel. 
I wanna console cheat.
Indianfattie.. Lmao, the kid outta my prime and the braves.. I saw it the other day.. Random humor.. The kid is that fucker getting hate non stop now
"That dude was waiting for an opportunity to throw a punch at someone." 1.8k
"My crush said "(My name), Quick, Mouth to mouth on Emma!" Emma was on the floor for whatever reason at recess"   That is my highest comment.
Allow yourself to grieve and experience the pain, don't try to avoid it or numb it.  It will only prolong the process.
Time and friends/family
I sometimes wrote stuff down. Some of it is the change forcing you to look at things differently. Long, exhausting walks while you think can help.
I was asked to pass the mashed potatoes and refused, then when my parent's raised their voices and demanded the potatoes I snapped back at them and yelled, "In 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table!"
Physical activity frequently does the trick for me. Weights or a long walk.  Also, staying busy in general. Just doing something, anything of use to yourself or others and avoiding ruminating too much on problems is helpful.  
Go to sleep.  When I wake up again, I'll usually just reset to my baseline misery.
Heavy lifting, heavy metal, and a good cry. I try not to do them all at the same time, though. No one know what to do with the shaved-head, heavily-bearded dude blasting Slayer as he bench presses his body weight for 5x5s in the gym while he bawls his eyes out.
Made some dank and saucy comments on Reddit.
Just now I bravely stood over the kitchen sink with a milk carton in my hand, and threw away the milk because it was 3 weeks past the sell by date. It was probably still fine to drink but I'm trying to distance myself from 2017 as much as possible and every bit counts. Soon the vegetables will rot, and they too will be gone. I hope that sacrifise will be enough for 2018.
I beat Zelda OOT 17 times blindfolded.
Applying to a job. Anybody can apply... Just apply often.
Rocket Science, it's easy it's not Rocket Science.
Budgeting/balancing a checkbook 
Gotten absolutely no exercise
At work a woman only ate 1/4 of her food. I saved it and ate the rest during my break.   Ive got a few more and its still only Jan 1st
I took an extra 90 seconds on my first break.
That would be a lot game stores!
Strip clubs everywhere
Iraqi food on every corner.  "let's have vietnamese instead."  [black flag bagel]
A cat puking
My sick girlfriend violently shitting herself in her sleep. 🎉
Your car starting and driving away.
My uncle is a high-ranking microsoft employee and he forbids people from using apple devices for work purposes.
When i worked for pizza hut, no coke products where customers could see.
Forbin? Is that even a word?
Touch some boobies
Finally have time to read my books. 
Stand motionless until it un-froze? 
Well for a past one it’s Sometime Around Midnight by the Airborne Toxic Event, if you haven’t listened to it do it now, thank me later
I'm Not Crying - Flight of the Conchords  *There's just a little dust in my eyes / it's from the path that you made when you said your goodbye*
Something About Us- Daft Punk
Yeah I deserve what I have because I fucking worked for it. 
I am constantly struck by the thought that I don't really deserve the things I have, especially when I read askreddit threads about how hard others have it...got me thinking.
I feel like i should have more from helping my dad when he only paid .25 an hour if even that, im not even asking for minimum wage here but his personality changed for the worse so he can enable a work attitude that he wanted while fucking over myself and others in family, college,  and any other way. My brother says,"well you  never did anything" which is untrue cause i still had to drop everything to answer my dads beck and call. I regulary spent 12 hours a day even in summer (in california) with my Dad who would call me before i had to study for an exam or do homework to wake up at 5-6am to help him do constuction/handyman work. I say more cause i invested into bitcoin at 700 with what i was comfortable from my savings cause i like to save money (college fund,etc). He also is a complete shut down when you propose a worthwhile idea cause he thinks intelligent action=lazy. He also does not pay taxes and he is still overtly stingy with me on certain things before.I tell him i can lose my Finacial Aid if he gets in trouble for not paying taxes cause they convinced me to be put under him cause he is "unemployed". He just said well to bad then i will have to start applying to work, for the money i need. He did offer to pay for my classes cause i mentioned how college is expensive and he tells me to shut up cause it is not and never been expensive to go to university....
Decents? 
Former semi-pro Blackjack player and probable addict here.  All of my friends from Asia, ALL OF THEM have a cultural connection to luck and gambling. Luck is rooted in each culture in some form or another, and because of it, there is a high percentage of people from Asian countries at casinos, and a high percent playing Pai-Gow.   In fact, I would bet the number one 'race' of people at Casino's in major American Cities are from Asian countries. Casinos know this.   I briefly worked at a casino in upstate New York, and they hired a man of Asian descent to be the Director of Hotels and he spoke Japanese, Chinese, Mandarin, and english. He was sharp, educated, smart, handsome, and tall. He looked like a million bucks, and there was talks of creating an Asian gaming area in the casino.
The chinese love their gambling. It's a cultural thing that goes back thousands of years.
I'm black and I don't know who my dad is... 
About a month ago, a raven shit on my head while I was walking by Safeway.
Hit by a falling safe while chasing a road runner.
Because they’re unhappy with it.   That’s what people do with all movies. Star Wars isn’t the first movie to have bad user reviews. People also disliked Batman v Superman, Ghostbusters 2016, the Matrix sequels - and, most especially, the Star Wars prequels!
Because the movies tone and writing was completely different from the other films. The constant jokes and Luke Skywalker trying to kill a child in his sleep for starters.
I'd assume it's because the were riding the horn on the hype-train and came full stop at "Mediocre Movie Station."  It's a mediocre movie from a non-fanboi viewpoint.  Imagine going there with some fan-driven emotion invested in the plot because this movie *had* the potential to be one of the best and most important in the series.   Squandered potential. 
Best for what? 
Mongolia
Japan IMO
I watched the Star Wars Holiday Special, hoping that it'd be hilariously awful. It was just awful. 
I traveled 600 miles to spend Christmas and new years with the woman I was suppose to spend the rest of my life with. I was incredibly stoked, never happier. Upon arriving she tells me she has doubts and doesn't think we will work out. Most awkward period of my life pretending that we're okay for the next week in front of her parents and all of her family and friends. This all led to her breaking up with me on new years eve. I had to find a flight back home that day. The most alone and sad I've ever felt in my life. And that is my holiday disaster story.
Darth Jar Jar  
King of the hill  Bill is Bobbys real father. It would explain why they act alike and get along so well. Peggy and Hank wear glasses and Bobby doesn't. Bill is always trying to spend time with Peggy and makes awkward comments about how pretty she is. Peggy avoids Bill and insults him at every turn.  I think Hank couldn't get Peggy pregnant due to his narrow eurethrea. Peggy got drunk one night and slept with Bill then blackmailed him into secrecy. Hank just happy to be a father never questioned it just as Dale never questioned being Joseph's father despite the glaring evidence.
Jack Kelly is the Nightman
The short answer is that your retina is a sense. It changes shape depending on the object you're looking at. Glasses compensate for issues with the retina changing shape.  Now, someone will come along and provide a MUCH better explanation of this. That's me reaching back to college physics after a couple gin and tonics, so go easy on me.
My school had a rubber rat on the roof of the school for years and every day students would pass by the rat outside the window and everyone knew about it. I did not mean to prank the school but one day I climbed on the roof and took it for myself to see if people would notice. Sure enough the next day people had made a small shrine with those Jesus candles and flowers on the window where the rat was. Dozens of posts on Snapchat and Instagram about the rat. After the widespread response I hid the rat in a drainage ditch behind the school and I left clues around the school and sent people on a wild goose chase to find the rat using those clues. Eventually someone found it and put it back where it belongs.
The year before us released crickets in the school washrooms. Our senior prank was supposed to be a watergun fight inside the school, but word leaked and the principle got involved. 
I want to eat a ditto that has transformed itself to Mew.... or Misty
Slowpoke tail is supposed to be delicious.
Pikachu, just gotta try it.
Anything and everything.
Pretty much everything, but mostly when I'm problem-solving or looking for something. It helps me focus.
Conversations I had or would like to have with people. Usually involves telling them off where I play both parts in the conversation.   I also talk to myself like I'm two of the same person sometimes. When I'm doing a task I'll be like "and then you see you have to put that right there man" or I'll laugh and look over at a part of the room like I'm laughing with someone who is over there.   It's probably worse when I'm looking in a mirror because I play off my own emotions and just really start believing it's actually another person and I'm not just staring at my reflection. 
Complaints about downvotes.
About 75% of them.
Look ups woodie Harrelson ama
Carina.  Ex girlfriend.
Bullheaded asshole dumbass I grew up with named his daughter Mailyn, what a jackass
Jeff. Every Jeff I know is an asshole. 
Usually put into an album after a band or artist finishes a tour.
Mine sit in my phone until I delete them wondering why I even took them
Hentai is the best art there will ever be!
FACK YOU TOMMI
Honestly, the only things I'd be impacted by saying, fairly or not, are things I don't really care about them knowing I believe enough to make my school time worse in any way.  I don't care that much about my schoolmates overall. I have a few friends, but if I need to tell them something, I'll do so outside of school, just to them.
Not me but my best friend. Last year our social studies teacher assigned a book report for the end of the semester. Que list of Ray Bradbury and George Orwell novels.  My friend never ended up doing it out of laziness. When the teacher confronted her about it, she managed to convince him that she had done it and that he probably lost it. He completely bought it. Basically went, "Oh, yeah, I totally rememeber reading it. It's fine."  The kicker? He gave her 100%. So it was more of a moment of "how the hell did *you* get away with that?"   I'm a little salty about it because I busted my ass copying and pasting my report from Sparknotes. Total bullshit. /s
When I was 11 I watched R-rates movies at my friend’s house that he’d downloaded on Limewire. The FBI never showed up to give us $250,000 fines. 
I was not arrested after arguing with several police that the gutter was a perfectly fine place to sleep. They kept asking what happened but I had blacked out and didn't know. I recognized where I was and had about a mile to walk home. The police gave me some options, go with them and get in trouble, go with the paramedics, or they could call me a cab. I refused all options and got really surly. They eventually got fed up and shoved me into a cab. 
I made out with someone from Fall Out Boy but all I got was this stupid song named after me
I used to have a best friend(But then he gave me an STD)
A Parliament of Owls Determine the Fates of Greater Men No less Than 5 Stories Above Us in a Dream by Fever the Ghost  ([link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEQ_hXvsdY4))
I start to panic and get upset around fighting and people raising their voices. I get upset easily from people getting angry and there are some topics that I'm more sensitive about. Other than that, it made me a better person in the long run. I was more mature as a kid though I was a bit emotionally unstable
I can’t stand loud noises and am ridiculously skittish. I also hate to be touched and cry when I think people are mad at me. It sucks.
I think I’m an angry person. I try to control myself but it’s hard to pretend to be mellow when I’m angry. I’m anxious and insecure as a result.
Same as any other, just keep the god bullshit out of the speeches.
We got married in the woods under a canopy of trees.  We hade a non-denominational officiant and we chose simple vows.   
The last atheist wedding I went to was on the beach. It was pretty awesome. Gorgeous day outside. The process is quite similar. There is a justice of the peace instead of the priest. Documents are signed. And the reception was like any other reception. 
The election results back in November
Back in the day, sonny, this thing called 2 Girls 1 Cup
Pack half the stuff you think you need and twice the money.   If you are traveling somewhere that does not speak English, learn at least a little of the local language. Effort is respect.   Pack some baby wipes. They’re good for spot cleaning clothes.   Put down the camera and just look sometimes. 
Try to familiarize yourself with the local language/culture.  You don't need to be an expert but locals definitely appreciate the effort as opposed to someone who visits and has no respect.  Bring enough money but not all cash.  Try to travel with trusted friends and be careful of getting lost, especially after dark.  Travel relatively light.
Put everything you plan to take on your bed.  Then put 1/2 of everything on your bed away. Take what's left. Always travel light.
People have a lot of problems and we don't really address it. It's sad.
Nothing; cut them off years ago and never looked back
They *are* my depression. They're toxic as fuck, so I stay well away.
Well my roommate almost murdered me with a .45 while high on bathsalts or other drug while experiencing ptsd triggered by news of a friend's death in Afghanistan.  First pic, guy on the left was my roommate   Second pic , the Springfield that almost ended me 8 years ago, held by roomy's friend.   https://imgur.com/Ufaioqt    https://imgur.com/wEnFGZ2       Also,  this happened (guy from my old unit) http://www.tylerpaper.com/TP-News+Local/220879/norwine-pleads-guilty-sentenced-to-life-for-murder-of-longview-man
I get pissed how military veterans are forced into so much bullshit after war. Not all of them need therapy, not all of them want to be an old fuck who's slowly dying in the veterans hall. Please, for the love of god, Earth, treat vets like normal people.
Let me know when you find out. Im currently about to push away another another man who means well but just doesn't feel right. 
When you find out, can you please tell my ex?  She's a lost, wandering soul who keeps calling me for solace but won't let me back in her life even though all I want to do is care for her.
Finger in the butt 
The Adelle
Gentlemen- When you feel like youre about to climax, imagine yourself puking and pooping at the same time. Draw memory from a time you had terrible food poisoning. I promise, you will not cum.
Its a gif but https://i.redd.it/j4173kwhne701.gif
a still frame of the butterflies in fantasia 2000. It was with me since I was a kid so now it’s just instinctual
Advertisements by the candle company Glade.
Don't go to college if you aren't ready. Learn your employee rights. It's okay not to be a 4.0. Don't be afraid to see a therapist or someone you can talk to if you need it. Always keep paper towel in your car, kleenex in your pockets, and kindness in your heart.
Talk less, listen more.
Unless you're crazy rich, pick a practical career now and work backwards to determine the right type of schooling/education/apprenticeship, etc. Don't educate randomly, it's just too expensive. 
i think it's this mouse that doesn't leave 
My pants
Guitar cases
sharkboy and lavagirl
Doogal. I remember watching so many times and when i rewatched it recently, it sucked.
Space jam!!
